about the university | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor in this section about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges about the university why uwindsor? our vision and mission fast facts our history our brand our location campus map take a virtual tour getting here affiliated colleges university of windsor about the university about the university 145,000+ alumni strong the university of windsor is a comprehensive, student-focused university, with more than 16,000 students enrolled in a broad range of undergraduate and graduate programs, including: law business engineering science education nursing human kinetics social work faculty of art, humanities, and social sciences we have strong student-faculty relationships, exceptional award-winning faculty and innovative staff. it creates a unifying atmosphere of excellence across all of our faculties to encourage lifelong learning, teaching, research and discovery. the university of windsor also ushered in a new era in september 2015 with the opening of classes at the first phase of its downtown campus in the heart of windsor?s core. the new building?which retains the historic facade of the former windsor star newspaper building?houses the school of social work and continuing education. the second phase of the downtown campus includes the school of creative arts, located in the century-old site of the windsor armouries and the alan wildeman centre for creative arts. the university of windsor is located next to north america?s busiest international border crossing and looks out on one of canada?s most beautiful waterfronts on the detroit river. windsor is also canada?s southernmost city and has some of the country?s best weather. this location speaks to uwindsor?s strength as an internationally oriented, multi-disciplined institution that actively enables a broad diversity of students, faculty and staff to make a better world through education, scholarship, research and engagement. its basic characteristics of openness, warmth, and support make the university of windsor an exceptionally welcoming community for students and faculty from asia, europe and africa?or from just down the street. find more detailed information at the office of institutional analysis. mailing address: university of windsor 401 sunset avenue windsor ontario, canada n9b 3p4 phone: 519-253-3000 fax: 519-973-7050 chancellor: dr. mary jo haddad president & vice-chancellor: dr. robert gordon share tweet save today's events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing last day of winter classes for nursing final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) 9:30am final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) 2:00pm advanced interview skills 2:30pm to 3:45pm upcoming events advanced resume and cover letter writing thu, 04/07/2022 - 11:30 final oral defense: cindy ly (m.a.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 final oral defense: mitchell branget (m.f.a.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 final oral defense: arief kartolo (ph.d.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 masters of management: last day of winter classes for masters of management classes fri, 04/08/2022 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram