DFS Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Tag Archives: DFS Find edge to be deleted from Tree to maximise product of XOR of components Given a tree of having N nodes rooted at node 0, and an array val[] denoting the value at each node, the task is to? Read More Bitwise-XOR DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Tree Count regions after creating boundaries between adjacent cells of Matrix as per given queries Given a matrix of size N * M and Q queries, the task is to find how many different regions will be there, after performing? Read More DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Hash Geeks Premier League Matrix Recursion Maximum product of any path in given Binary Tree Given a binary tree of N nodes, the task is to find the maximum product of the elements of any path in the binary tree. ? Read More DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Tree Minimize deletion of edges to convert Tree into a forest of size at most N/2 Hard Given a tree with N nodes, numbered from 0 to N ? 1, the task is to find the minimum number of deletion of edges,? Read More DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Tree Check if String can be made Palindrome by replacing characters in given pairs Hard Given a string str and K pair of characters, the task is to check if string str can be made Palindrome, by replacing one character? Read More DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 palindrome Geeks Premier League Graph Searching Strings Distance between closest pair of islands Given a grid[][] containing 0s and 1s, where ?0? represents water and ?1? represents land. Given that an island is a group of land (1s)? Read More BFS DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Graph Matrix Count of ancestors with smaller value for each node of an N-ary Tree Given an N-ary tree consisting of N nodes with values from 1 to N rooted at 1, for all nodes, print the number of ancestors? Read More cpp-set DFS n-ary-tree Advanced Data Structure Tree Atlantic pacific water flow Hard There is an N x M rectangular island that borders both the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean. The Pacific Ocean touches the island?s left? Read More BFS DFS Google interview-preparation Arrays Matrix Finding if a node X is present in subtree of another node Y or vice versa for Q queries Medium Given a tree with N nodes and (N-1) edges and source node is at 1st position. There are Q queries, each of the type {pos,? Read More DFS Graph Traversals Graph Searching Tree Minimum number of Water to Land conversion to make two islands connected in a Grid | Set 2 Given a 2D grid arr[][] of ?W? and ?L? where ?W? denotes water and ?L? denotes land, the task is to find the minimum number? Read More BFS DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Matrix Maximum pairs from given Graph where elements belong to different Connected Component Hard Given a graph with N vertices numbered from 0 to (N-1) and a matrix edges[][] representing the edges of the graph, the task is to? Read More DFS Graph Total time to visit all nodes of a binary tree Given a binary tree, find the total time to visit all nodes from the root node. Visiting a child node from its parent node will? Read More Binary Tree DFS Misc C program to implement DFS traversal using Adjacency Matrix in a given Graph Hard Given a undirected graph with V vertices and E edges. The task is to perform DFS traversal of the graph. Examples: Input: V = 7,? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 DFS Algo Geek C Programs Graph Count of nodes with average of left subtree at least K in a given Binary Tree Given a binary tree and a number K, the task is to count the number of nodes having the average of the values in their? Read More Binary Tree DFS Mathematical Tree Convert an arbitrary Binary Tree to a tree that holds Children Sum Property ? Set 2 Medium Question: Given an arbitrary binary tree, convert it to a binary tree that holds Children Sum Property. You can only increment data values in any? Read More Binary Tree DFS tree-traversal Tree Page 1 of 2212345...1020...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in DFS Depth First Search or DFS for a Graph Difference between BFS and DFS Topological Sorting Detect Cycle in a Directed Graph Snake and Ladder Problem Most visited in DFS Top 10 algorithms in Interview Questions Detect cycle in an undirected graph Find the number of islands | Set 1 (Using DFS) Strongly Connected Components BFS vs DFS for Binary Tree ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register