advocacy earns award for marine biology student | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews doctoral student danielle orrell has received the women of fisheries gives back award. photo by mark ziembicki. advocacy earns award for marine biology student mar 28th, 2022 danielle orrell has been recognized with the women of fisheries gives back award, an early career award from women of fisheries, inc. the phd student of integrative biology has made a career travelling to remote communities to research the spatial ecology of animals to improve fish management. during her time studying at the university of windsor, orrell?s research has taken her to africa, the arctic, and ascension island in the south atlantic ocean. most recently she spent a year living on ascension studying the spatial and dietary ecology of two recreationally important fishery species, the rock hind grouper (epinephelus adscensionis) and the yellow spotted moray (gymnothorax moringa). ?i?m studying spatial ecology ? where you find animals and the conditions that constrain where you find them ? and these two fish species are really important to the local community in terms of culture, food, and fun,? says orrell. ?with the support of the ascension government conservation and fisheries directorate and the island community, i was also able to collect food web samples which will provide the first blueprint of the ascension island nearshore food web which is critical for its management.? with the us$250 award money, orrell plans to buy a wet suit and complete her scuba instructor certification. she says diving is cost prohibitive and she wants to support programs which aim to offer local community members and school groups the opportunity to learn to dive. ?i am a firm believer that fostering a bond between individuals and their local environment using scuba diving increases environmental stewardship and adherence with fisheries management and conservation objectives which aim to conserve these very environments,? says orrell. ?in places i?ve worked i?ve always wanted to instruct, as it offers the opportunity to inspire the next generation of marine biologists.? orrell?s supervisor nigel hussey is a professor of integrative biology and a researcher with the great lakes institute for environmental research. ?receiving an award such as this one recognizes danielle?s incredible talents and research in her career to date,? says dr. hussey. ?i have no doubt over the positive impact she will have on marine science and conservation in the future, and i am very excited to see her continue to take giant strides.? during her time at uwindsor, orrell has also created queer in stem, a community group for those identifying as lgbtqia2s+ across science, technology, maths, and engineering (stem) fields. she says in addition to continuing her advocacy in marine stewardship, she plans to continue her advocacy for lgbtqia2s+ representation in fisheries science. ?during my time living in the remote communities, i formed strong local partnerships and friendships which gave me the confidence to come out as a queer woman and when i came back to windsor, i knew i wanted to create a better and safer environment and bridge the gap between departments. ?building community, especially in a pandemic, it?s important to find people who have similar experiences to your own.? in the future she hopes to continue this advocacy while working in the field of marine science which will have direct fisheries management applications. to learn more about queer in stem, check out its instagram @queerinstem, twitter @queerinstem21, or drop an email to queerinstem@gmail.com. ?sara elliott danielle orrell nigel hussey strategic priority: engage in community partnerships academic area: science biology share tweet save external job postings feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram