office of the president skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of the president in this section meet the president strategic planning aspire: together for tomorrow leadership team governance accountability communications and public events envision speaker series contact us meet the president strategic planning aspire: together for tomorrow leadership team governance accountability communications and public events envision speaker series contact us uwindsor home office of the president welcome to the university of windsor welcome to the university of windsor thank you for visiting the university of windsor website ? we have a great story to tell. the university has everything you?d expect from one of the country?s top comprehensive universities ? it?s student-focused with a broad range of faculties including engineering, law, nursing, education, business, human kinetics, science, graduate studies and arts, humanities & social sciences. it?s a place where research and creativity are helping our region and our country, and a place where we engage our capacity to address challenges related to the great lakes, borders, safe and healthy communities and sustainable manufacturing. all this is possible through our exceptional students, faculty, staff, alumni, and partners ? building on a commitment to excellence that exists throughout our incredible institution. our goal is to make sure we excel in overall excellence as well as academic research. our student experience is second to none. enjoy your journey through uwindsor.ca and, when you have the opportunity, please pay a visit to our always welcoming campus. robert gordon president and vice-chancellor share tweet save share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram