Registration Information | Office of the Registrar Skip to main content Coming to campus? Visit this page for important information. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Return to Campus Roadmap for Fall Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research COVID-19 Research and Innovation Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of the Registrar Office of the Registrar In this section Home COVID-19 Updates Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Maintaining Conditional Offer of Admission Change of Program/Major Apply as a Returning Student Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation Home COVID-19 Updates Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Maintaining Conditional Offer of Admission Change of Program/Major Apply as a Returning Student Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation UWindsor Home Office of the Registrar Registration Information Registration Information Registration and Vaccination: Registration in courses involving face-to-face components is restricted to students who have attested to their vaccination status at uwindsor.ca/vaccine AND have either a) uploaded their proof of full vaccination, or b) have received an exemption to the University?s vaccine policy for medical reasons or under the ground of Creed (or religion) protected under the Ontario Human Rights Code. Students who fail to meet these requirements will be de-registered from such courses. For further details, please see the University of Windsor Return to Campus - Vaccination Policy. Registration Guide Please see UWinsite Student Registration Guide link for a downloadable PDF. In addition, please see the New for 2022 Registration Guide. Inter-session / Summer 2022 Registration Date Registration Activity Details Tuesday, Mar. 29, 2022 Validation Opens (Shopping Cart) MSWWP programs Friday, Apr. 1, 2022 Registration Opens (by Appointment Time) MSWWP programs Monday, Apr. 4, 2022 Validation Opens (Shopping Cart) All remaining Students. MSWWP students can continue to register Monday, Apr. 11, 2022 Registration Opens (by Appointment Time) All remaining Students. MSWWP can continue to register Notes on Validation (Shopping Cart): Students can plan their courses and add them to their shopping cart in UWinsite Student. For help planning your classes in UWinsite Student, please read this ask.UWindsor article. Notes on Registration / Appointment Times: Students can check their UWinsite Student account for their appointment times. For help finding registration appointment times in UWinsite Student, please refer to this ask.UWindsor article. Registration resources abound! Please choose the format that suits you best. We have videos, articles or a PDF guide. Course Delivery Methods: UWindsor Winter 2022 courses will be delivered through a blend of face-to-face and online courses. There are some important pieces of information that will help you with course registration for the Winter 2022 semester. Not Applicable/Blank If you see "Not Applicable" listed under Days and Times when adding a course to your shopping cart in UWinsite Student, it means the course will be offered asynchronously. Asynchronous courses are usually designed without components such as live lectures or class meetings, and often have highly flexible schedules. If you are looking at the timetable, and the Days, Start Time and Stop Time columns are blank, it also means the course will be offered asynchronously. Asynchronous Online Another way that an asynchronous course may be designated is through the Room associated with the class. If the room is listed as ?Asynchronous Online?, it means the course will be offered asynchronously. As stated above, asynchronous courses are usually designed without components such as live lectures or class meetings, and often have highly flexible schedules. Synchronous Online If you see Days and Times listed for a course along with associated Room of ?Synchronous Online? when adding a course in UWinsite Student, it means the course will be offered online but at a scheduled meeting time. Synchronous courses are usually designed and facilitated using digital/web-based technologies. Classes meet online in real-time at scheduled meeting times. Livestream (Hyflex) If you see two or more sections of a course where the Class has a section number ending in ?A?, ?B? or ?O? (for example), where the ?A? or ?B? section has a classroom associated with it and the ?O? section has the associated Room of ?Livestream (Hyflex)?, it means the course is hyflex. This means that you have the option to select either the face-to-face section (?A? or ?B?) OR the online section (?O?) when registering. Hyflex courses mean the content is designed to provide choice to students in how they learn. Students in the online section will join real-time classes via digital or web-based technologies. All students, regardless of the section they choose will be participating in the same lecture at the same time, allowing an integration of online and face-to-face learners. Examinations in Hyflex courses will take place online. Face to Face ? In Person If you see a class with a schedule Day and Time as well as a classroom assigned under Room it means that the course will be offered face to face/in person only. There may be limited opportunities to have an accommodation for online learning in discussion with the Instructor. Other Important Information In addition to the various ways courses will be scheduled for Winter 2022, it will be important to review the class notes and schedules in more detail. This information can be viewed by clicking the Class hyperlink. Further information and notes for the class will be shown under ?Enrollment Information?. This can include information on days, times, groups, or other pertinent information associated with the class section. Please note that different information may be available for each component of the class (ie notes on the lecture section as well as different notes on the lab section, if applicable). Further details on the class can be seen under ?Meeting Information?. This can include more detailed information on when the class will be offered. As an example, this can include information on the weeks that the class will meet face to face. Information on seating reserves and other information about the seats available in a class may be found under ?Class Availability? This will provide information about whether some seats have been set aside for specific groups of students. Course Registration Register for courses by signing in to UWinsite Student. While the platform is mobile friendly, we recommend you register for courses on your laptop or desktop computer. Resources to help you register, including videos, articles and a PDF guide are available. Choose the format that suits you best here. UWinsite Student The University offers an extensive variety of courses throughout the day and evening. In UWinsite Student you can review class schedules, prerequisites and examination schedules. Class schedules provide the time and location of lecture and laboratory sessions. Some courses have restrictions or prerequisites. Please review requirements before selecting courses. While each course cannot be offered each semester, every effort is put into ensuring that students will be able to register for the courses they need to graduate. The University of Windsor releases its final exam schedule after the semester is underway to reduce the number of conflicts. Once released, you can find your exam schedule in UWinsite Student under the Manage Classes tile. Final exams are scheduled for approximately 10 days at the end of the Fall and Spring semesters and for a shorter period at the end of the Intersession/Summer term. You must be available for the entire final exam period. share tweet save UPCOMING EVENTS Registration for MSW Working Professional Opens in UWinsite Student for Inter-Session / Summer 2022 Fri, 04/01/2022 NURSING: Last Day to Voluntarily Withdraw through regular drop method for Winter 2022 courses (Nursing courses) Mon, 04/04/2022 Validation Opens (Shopping Cart) in UWinsite Student for Inter-Session / Summer 2022 for remaining students (MSW Working Professional continue to register) Mon, 04/04/2022 NURSING: Last Day of Winter Classes for Nursing Wed, 04/06/2022 Masters of Management: Last Day of Winter Classes for Masters of Management classes Fri, 04/08/2022 View Event Calendar share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram