news services | office of public affairs & communications skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of public affairs & communications office of public affairs & communications in this section about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library about us news services press releases promote your story graphic design and publications view magazine daily news social media developing social media content social media support privacy & policies and uwindsor image library uwindsor home office of public affairs & communications news services news services news services is the source for members of the media seeking expert opinion on issues making news of the day. journalists can use uwindsor?s news services to gather information about what?s happening on campus. students, faculty and staff at the university of windsor can also consult with members of the news services? team for advice and support on how to best tell a story to the public. there are many ways to keep up to date with what?s happening at uwindsor: daily news ? an electronic newsletter featuring events and stories about newsmakers at uwindsor press releases ? announces important advances and significant achievements of the university, its faculty, students, and staff promote your story - you have a great story to tell. your research and creative activity is important to the university of windsor and plays a key role in supporting its strategic priorities. when you share your stories with the greater community you help the public understand the vital work uwindsor undertakes to make a better world through education, scholarship, research and engagement. for more information on how news services can assist your department or unit contact: lori lewis manager, news services 519-253-3000 ext. 3241 llewis@uwindsor.ca share tweet save daily news top stories food and craft sale to raise funds in support of ukraine cybersecurity course geared towards individuals of all professional backgrounds personal branding focus of webinar campus community to pitch in and clean up jazz ensemble to livestream friday cabaret more contact pac welcome center (2nd floor south) phone: 519-253-3000 ext. 3240 email: pac@uwindsor.ca helpful links the uwindsor brand our visual identity graphic standards manual vendor agreement image library model release form share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram