Graph Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Category Archives: Graph Count of connected components in given graph after removal of given Q vertices Given an undirected graph g, the task is to find the number of coalitions formed in it after the removal of Q vertices and maximum? Read More connected-components Graph Maximize number of edges added to convert given Tree into a Bipartite Graph Medium Given a tree of N nodes, the task is to find the maximum number of edges that can be added to the tree such that? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-traversal Geeks Premier League Graph Tree Check if String can be made Palindrome by replacing characters in given pairs Hard Given a string str and K pair of characters, the task is to check if string str can be made Palindrome, by replacing one character? Read More DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 palindrome Geeks Premier League Graph Searching Strings Distance between closest pair of islands Given a grid[][] containing 0s and 1s, where ?0? represents water and ?1? represents land. Given that an island is a group of land (1s)? Read More BFS DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Graph Matrix FIFO Push Relabel Algorithm The push?relabel algorithm (alternatively, pre flow?push algorithm) is an algorithm for computing maximum flows in a flow network. Push-relabel algorithms work in a more localized? Read More Data Structures Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Algorithms Geeks Premier League Graph Queue Finding if a node X is present in subtree of another node Y or vice versa for Q queries Medium Given a tree with N nodes and (N-1) edges and source node is at 1st position. There are Q queries, each of the type {pos,? Read More DFS Graph Traversals Graph Searching Tree Check if a cycle exists between nodes S and T in an Undirected Graph with only S and T repeating | Set ? 2 Given an undirected graph with N nodes and two vertices S & T, the task is to check if a cycle between these two vertices? Read More graph-cycle Algorithms Graph Count of nodes with maximum connection in an undirected graph Given an undirected graph with N nodes and E edges, followed by E edge connections. The task is to find the count of nodes with? Read More Graph Mathematical Complement of Graph Consider a set A and U denotes the universal set then complement of set A can be found by Ac =U-A. But, a graph G(v,? Read More Computer Subject Engineering Mathematics GATE CS Graph Maximum pairs from given Graph where elements belong to different Connected Component Hard Given a graph with N vertices numbered from 0 to (N-1) and a matrix edges[][] representing the edges of the graph, the task is to? Read More DFS Graph Construct a Prime Binary Tree from given non-cyclic graph of N indices Given 1 to N vertices of a non-cyclic undirected graph with (N-1) edges. The task is to assign values to these edges so that the? Read More Binary Tree Prime Number Graph Tree Floyd?s Cycle Finding Algorithm Floyd?s cycle finding algorithm or Hair-Tortoise algorithm is a pointer algorithm that uses only two pointers, moving through the sequence at different speeds. This algorithm? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 graph-cycle Algo Geek Algorithms Graph Lexicographically smallest string formed by replacing characters according to the given relation Given a string Str of N characters and two strings S1 and S2 of equal length where S1[i] and S2[i] are related to each other,? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 lexicographic-ordering Algo Geek Graph Strings Minimum cost of path between given nodes containing at most K nodes in a directed and weighted graph Given a directed weighted graph represented by a 2-D array graph[][] of size n and 3 integers src, dst, and k representing the source point,? Read More Dijkstra Shortest Path Graph Mathematical Smallest set of vertices to visit all nodes of the given Graph Medium Given a directed acyclic graph of N nodes, the task is to find the smallest set of vertices from which the complete graph can be? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 Graph Traversals Algo Geek Graph Page 1 of 4912345...102030...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in Graph Breadth First Search or BFS for a Graph Depth First Search or DFS for a Graph Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm | Greedy Algo-7 Graph and its representations Kruskal?s Minimum Spanning Tree Algorithm | Greedy Algo-2 Most Visited in Graph Prim?s Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) | Greedy Algo-5 Topological Sorting Detect Cycle in a Directed Graph Snake and Ladder Problem Bellman?Ford Algorithm | DP-23 ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register