prefix-sum Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Tag Archives: prefix-sum Count of Array elements in given range with remainder X when divided by K for Q queries Given an array arr[] of size N, an integer K and Q queries, each of form {x, l, r}. For each query, the task is? Read More array-range-queries Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Find all indices of Array having prefix sum greater than suffix sum Given an array arr[] of N integers, the task is to divide find all the indices such that prefix sum (i.e. sum of elements in? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Find position forming AP with prefix and suffix sum of Array with common difference D Given an array, arr[] of size N and a positive integer D, the task is to find the position i of an element in arr[]? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Searching Find index with minimum difference between prefix and suffix average of given Array Given an array arr[] of size N, the task is to find an index i such that the difference between prefix average and suffix average? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Largest sum contiguous subarray by adding S exactly at K different positions Medium Given an array arr[] of length N, the task is to find the largest sum contiguous subarray by adding an integer S exactly at K? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum subarray Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Minimize range [L, R] to divide Array into K subarrays with majority elements in [L, R] Given an array arr[] of size N, the task is to find the minimum value range [L, R] such that: The array can be divided? Read More Binary Search Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum subarray Arrays Geeks Premier League Hash Mathematical Searching Find partitions to maximize even and odd count sum in left and right part Given an array arr[] having N positive integers, the task is to find all the indices i (1 ? i ? N ? 1) such? Read More partition prefix-sum Arrays Minimize sum of changes in Array such that ratio of new element to array sum is at most p:q Given an array A of n integers and two integers p and q, the task is to increase some (or all) of the values in? Read More Binary Search Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum Ratio and Proportion Geeks Premier League Mathematical Searching Find partitions that maximises sum of count of 0?s in left part and count of 1?s in right part Given a binary array nums of length N, The task is to find all possible partitions in given array such that sum of count of? Read More binary-string prefix-sum Arrays Bit Magic Greedy Mathematical Strings Minimum common sum from K arrays after removing some part of their suffix Given K (K > 2) arrays of different sizes in a 2D list arr[][] where elements in each array are non-negative. Find the minimum common? Read More prefix prefix-sum Suffix Arrays Greedy Maximum count of integers to be chosen from given two stacks having sum at most K Hard Given two stacks stack1[] and stack2[] of size N and M respectively and an integer K, The task is to count the maximum number of? Read More Binary Search prefix-sum Arrays Greedy Mathematical Searching Stack C++ Program to Find Range sum queries for anticlockwise rotations of Array by K indices Given an array arr consisting of N elements and Q queries of the following two types: 1 K: For this type of query, the array? Read More array-range-queries prefix prefix-sum rotation Arrays C++ C++ Programs Competitive Programming Java Program to Find Range sum queries for anticlockwise rotations of Array by K indices Given an array arr consisting of N elements and Q queries of the following two types: 1 K: For this type of query, the array? Read More array-range-queries prefix prefix-sum rotation Arrays Competitive Programming Java Java Programs Python3 Program to Find Range sum queries for anticlockwise rotations of Array by K indices Given an array arr consisting of N elements and Q queries of the following two types: 1 K: For this type of query, the array? Read More array-range-queries prefix prefix-sum rotation Arrays Competitive Programming Python Javascript Program for Range sum queries for anticlockwise rotations of Array by K indices Given an array arr consisting of N elements and Q queries of the following two types: 1 K: For this type of query, the array? Read More array-range-queries prefix prefix-sum rotation Arrays Competitive Programming JavaScript Page 1 of 1912345...10...?Last ? What's New Competitive Programming Live Classes for Students View Details Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details Most popular in prefix-sum Prefix Sum Array - Implementation and Applications in Competitive Programming Find an element in array such that sum of left array is equal to sum of right array Equilibrium index of an array Find if there is a subarray with 0 sum Find subarray with given sum | Set 2 (Handles Negative Numbers) Most visited in prefix-sum Largest subarray with equal number of 0s and 1s Count Primes in Ranges Count the number of vowels occurring in all the substrings of given string Minimum Swaps required to group all 1's together Random number generator in arbitrary probability distribution fashion ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register