AngularJS - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects Related Articles ? Table of Contents Web Technology HTML CSS CSS Bootstrap Tailwind CSS Bulma Pure CSS Materialize CSS Foundation Semantic UI JavaScript JavaScript p5.js Lodash Collect.js Underscore.js TensorFlow.js NodeJS NodeJS Express.js AngularJS jQuery jQuery jQuery UI jQWidgets jQuery Mobile ReactJS ReactJS Tutorials Ant Design React Desktop PHP Tutorials TypeScript JSON SVG WordPress Table of Contents Web Technology HTML CSS CSS Bootstrap Tailwind CSS Bulma Pure CSS Materialize CSS Foundation Semantic UI JavaScript JavaScript p5.js Lodash Collect.js Underscore.js TensorFlow.js NodeJS NodeJS Express.js AngularJS jQuery jQuery jQuery UI jQWidgets jQuery Mobile ReactJS ReactJS Tutorials Ant Design React Desktop PHP Tutorials TypeScript JSON SVG WordPress AngularJS Last Updated : 31 Jan, 2022 AngularJs was originally developed in 2008-2009 by Misko Hevery and Adam Abrons and is now maintained by Google. AngularJS is a Javascript open-source front-end framework that is mainly used to develop single-page web applications(SPAs). It is a continuously growing and expanding framework which provides better ways for developing web applications. It changes the static HTML to dynamic HTML. Its features like dynamic binding and dependency injection eliminate the need for code that we have to write otherwise. AngularJS is rapidly growing and because of this reason, we have different versions of AngularJs with the latest stable being 1.7.7. It is also important to note that Angular is different from AngularJs. It is an open-source project which can be freely used and changed by anyone. It extends HTML attributes with Directives, and data is bound with HTML. Key Points: AngularJS is a JavaScript framework that is mainly used for Frontend Development. It is used for making Single Page Applications(SPA). It is open source and is completely free for everyone. It uses the Model, View, Control(MVC) pattern for developing projects. Why use it? Easy to work with: All you need to know to work with AngularJs is basics of HTML,CSS and Javascript,not necessary to be an expert in these technologies. Time-saving: AngularJs allows us to work with components and hence we can use them again which saves time and unnecessary code. Ready to use template: AngularJs is mainly plain HTML, and it mainly makes use of the plain HTML template and passes it to the DOM and then the AngularJS compiler. It traverses the templates and then they are ready to use. Example: 
<html>
    
<head>
    <title>AngularJS ng-app Directive</title>

    <script src=
"https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/angularjs/1.6.9/angular.min.js">
    </script>
</head>

<body style="text-align:center">
    
    <h2 style = "color:green">ng-app directive</h2>
    
    <div ng-app="" ng-init="name='GeeksforGeeks'">
        <p>{{ name }} is the portal for geeks.</p>
    </div>
</body>

</html>
 Output: Learn more about AngularJS: Introduction to AngularJS Introduction to Angular 7 Introduction to Angular 8 Complete Reference: AngularJS Directives Complete Reference AngularJS Function Complete Reference AngularJS Filters Complete Reference AngularJS Questions Complete Reference Interview Questions: AngularJS Interview Questions and Answers ?Recent Articles? on AngularJS If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to review-team@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks. Please write comments if you find anything incorrect, or you want to share more information about the topic discussed above My Personal Notes arrow_drop_up Save Writing code in comment? Please use ide.geeksforgeeks.org, generate link and share the link here. Load Comments What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most Popular Articles Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Minimum adjacent swaps required to make a binary string alternating Python OpenCV - waitKey() Function How to Install FFmpeg on Windows? Find the original Array from given array where ith element is the average of first i elements Most Visited Articles Flutter - DropDownButton Widget How to Develop User Registration Form in ReactJS ? Appending to list in Python dictionary Bank Of America Interview Experience | On-Campus 2021 How to redirect to another page in ReactJS ? ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register