Bitwise-AND Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Tag Archives: Bitwise-AND Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value | Set 2 Given an array arr that contains N positive Integers. Find the count of all possible pairs whose bit wise XOR value is greater than bit? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR Arrays Bit Magic Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value Given an array arr that contains N positive Integers. Find the count of all possible pairs whose bitwise XOR value is greater than bitwise AND? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical Find triplet A, B, C having bitwise AND of bitwise OR with each other as K Given an integer K, the task is to find three distinct integers A, B and C such that ( A ? B ) & (? Read More Bitwise-AND Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Minimize replacements of Array elements to make bitwise AND greater than K Given an array A[] of N integers and an integer K, the task is to find the minimum number of replacements of array elements required? Read More Bitwise-AND Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Find largest index till which Bitwise AND of elements is at least X for Q queries Hard Given array of integers arr[] and queries[] of size N and Q, the task is to find the largest index for each query Q[i] such? Read More array-range-queries Bitwise-AND Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Check if original Array Sum is Odd or Even using Bitwise AND of Array Given an integer N denoting the size of an array and the bitwise AND (K) of all elements of the array. The task is to determine? Read More Bitwise-AND Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical Find final value of A after alternate AND-OR operations on A and B Given 3 integers A, B, and N the task is to perform alternate AND-OR operations on A and B, and then assign the result of? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-OR Bit Magic Mathematical Find maximum AND value among all K-size subsets of given Array Medium Given an array arr[] containing N non-negative integers, the task is to find the maximum AND value among all the subsets having length K. Examples: ? Read More Bitwise-AND subset Arrays Bit Magic Greedy Mathematical Find longest range from numbers in range [1, N] having positive bitwise AND Given a number N, the task is to find the longest range of integers [L, R] such that 1 ? L ? R ? N? Read More array-range-queries Bitwise-AND Bit Magic Mathematical Count of Arrays of size N with elements in range [0, (2^K)-1] having maximum sum & bitwise AND 0 Given two integers N and K, The task is to find the count of all possible arrays of size N with maximum sum & bitwise? Read More Bitwise-AND Maths Analysis Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical Minimum removals in range to make bitwise AND non-zero for given range queries Given an array queries[][] of Q range queries, the task is to find the minimum removals from the range[l, r] such that the bitwise AND? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 array-range-queries Bitwise-AND Algo Geek Arrays Bit Magic Divide and Conquer Maximize Bitwise AND of Array by replacing at most one element Medium Given an array arr[] containing N positive integers, the task is to maximize bitwise AND of the arr[] by picking at most one element of? Read More Bitwise-AND Arrays Bit Magic Find size of largest subset with bitwise AND greater than their bitwise XOR Given an array arr[] of N integers, the task is to find the size of the largest subset such that the bitwise AND of all? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR subset Arrays Bit Magic Count of distinct permutations of length N having Bitwise AND as zero Given an integer N., The task is to find the number of distinct permutations of length N, such that the bitwise AND value of each? Read More Bitwise-AND permutation Bit Magic Combinatorial Mathematical Find the size of Largest Subset with positive Bitwise AND Medium Given an array arr[] consisting of N positive integers, the task is to find the largest size of the subset of the array arr[] with? Read More Bitwise-AND setBitCount subset Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical Page 1 of 912345...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in Bitwise-AND Check if a Number is Odd or Even using Bitwise Operators Count pairs with bitwise XOR exceeding bitwise AND from a given array All about Bit Manipulation Find, Set, Clear, Toggle and Modify bits in C Bitwise AND of all the elements of array Most visited in Bitwise-AND Minimize replacements of Array elements to make bitwise AND greater than K Find letter's position in Alphabet using Bit operation Bitwise AND of N binary strings Fast Exponention using Bit Manipulation Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value | Set 2 ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register