Greedy Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Category Archives: Greedy Maximise occurrence of an element after K replacements within Array elements Given an array arr[] having N integers, and an integer K, the task is to find an array such that it contains a single elements? Read More frequency-counting Arrays Greedy Minimize operations to reduce Array sum by half by reducing any elements by half Given an array Arr[], the task is to find out the minimum number of operations to make the sum of array elements lesser or equal? Read More Arrays Greedy Largest index to be reached in Binary Array after K jumps between different values Given a binary array arr[] of size N and an integer K, the task is to find the highest index which can be reached in? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Minimize operations to reduce N to 0 by replacing N by its divisor at each step Given a positive integer N. Find the minimum number of operations needed to reduce N to 0 when N can reduced by its divisor at? Read More divisors Geeks-Premier-League-2022 sieve Geeks Premier League Greedy Mathematical Generate permutation of 1 to N with sum of min of prefix for each element as Y Given two integers N, Y, generate a permutation of length N such that sum of all prefix minimum of that permutation is Y. Example: Input:? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 permutation prefix Arrays Combinatorial Geeks Premier League Greedy Minimize the size of Array by doing maximum absorptions Given an array A consisting of N integers and an integer K, the task is to minimize the length of array A, by applying absorptions? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Minimize first node of Linked List by deleting first or adding one deleted node at start Given a singly linked list, and an integer K, the task is to make the first node value as minimum as possible in K operations? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Greedy Linked List Largest subset of Array having sum at least 0 Given an array arr[] that contains N integers, the task is to find the largest subset having sum at least 0. Examples: Input: arr[] =? Read More cpp-multiset Geeks-Premier-League-2022 subset Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Recursion For each A[i] find smallest subset with all elements less than A[i] sum more than B[i] Given two arrays A[] and B[] of N integers, the task is to find for each element A[i], the size of the smallest subset S? Read More cpp-multiset Geeks-Premier-League-2022 subset Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Count of Subarrays of given Array with median at least X Given an array arr[]of integers with length N and an integer X, the task is to calculate the number of subarrays with median greater than? Read More cpp-multiset Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix subarray Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Count subsequences of Array having single digit integer sum K Medium Given an array arr[] and integer K, the task is to count the number of subsequences of the array such that after adding all the? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 subsequence Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Recursion Find all indices of Array having prefix sum greater than suffix sum Given an array arr[] of N integers, the task is to divide find all the indices such that prefix sum (i.e. sum of elements in? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Distance covered after last breakpoint with at most K cost Given an array arr[] of size N, and integers K and D, consisting of breakpoints in journey, the task is to find the distance covered? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Mathematical Find X in range [1, N] of bit size A[i] such that X^2?s bit size is not present in Array Given an array A of N integers, where: Each element of array represents the bit size of an imaginary unsigned integer datatype. If ith imaginary? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Greedy Sorting Minimize shifting half of each element to either sides to reduce Array Given an array arr[] of size N, the task is to find minimum number of steps required to reduce all Array elements to 0 except? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Mathematical Page 1 of 11812345...102030...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in Greedy Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm | Greedy Algo-7 Program for array rotation Kruskal?s Minimum Spanning Tree Algorithm | Greedy Algo-2 Write a program to print all permutations of a given string Prim?s Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) | Greedy Algo-5 Most Visited in Greedy Huffman Coding | Greedy Algo-3 Coin Change | DP-7 Activity Selection Problem | Greedy Algo-1 Fractional Knapsack Problem Program for Shortest Job First (or SJF) CPU Scheduling | Set 1 (Non- preemptive) ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register