News & press ? Stack Exchange Inc. - Stack Overflow Teams Talent Advertising Collectives About Blog Newsletter Podcast Go to stackoverflow.com About Leadership Careers Open positions Press Research Contact us New here? Take a tour Media kit About Stack Overflow Stack Overflow is empowering the world to build technology through collective knowledge. More than 100 million people come to Stack Overflow?s public platform every month making it one of the most popular websites in the world. Stack Overflow?s products include a private knowledge sharing and collaboration platform, Stack Overflow for Teams, sub-communities called Collectives? on Stack Overflow that connect users to the technologies they use most, Stack Overflow Advertising, and Stack Overflow Talent. Organizations such as Bloomberg, Expensify, Instacart, Microsoft, Zapier, and more work with Stack Overflow to help them centralize information, increase efficiency, and build faster. Founded in 2008, Stack Overflow is headquartered in New York. What we do As the most trusted knowledge sharing and collaboration platform, Stack Overflow has three core products: The Public Platform Stack Overflow is where developers and technologists go to gain and share knowledge. Stack Exchange is for non-technical questions and answers such as cooking, biology, and more. Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers and technologists can share private, organization-specific knowledge with coworkers asynchronously. Reach & Relevance Where companies can build their brands and reach the world?s largest audience of developers and technologists through Employer Branding , Advertising , and Collectives? on Stack Overflow , which are sub-communities that help people more easily adopt and deploy the technologies they use most. Fast Facts Stack Overflow is a company created by developers, for developers, transforming how people work Founded in 2008 by Joel Spolsky and Jeff Atwood, two developers who wanted to make coding resources more accessible for all. Prosus acquired Stack Overflow for $1.8B in August 2021 , adding the company to their robust education technology portfolio. Thousands of customers work with Stack Overflow to centralize documentation and improve efficiency, including teams at Microsoft, Bloomberg, Chevron, Instacart, Expensify, Zapier, and more. Over 100 million people visit Stack Overflow?s network every month, making it one of the most popular websites in the world. Stack Overflow has helped developers over 50 billion times through its public Q&A forum and its private Teams forums. In the news Recently written about Stack Overflow 23 November 2021 Is 'web3' an Empty Buzzword, or Will It Impact Your Technology Career? Dice Insights 22 November 2021 US tech salaries down slightly, but the market favors candidates CIO Dive 8 November 2021 Stack Overflow Improves Teams Integration I-Programmer 3 November 2021 Stack Overflow?s copy / paste keyboard is no joke The Verge 1 November 2021 Complexity is killing software developers InfoWorld 25 October 2021 10 Most Popular Programming Languages: How Much Do They Pay? Dice Insights 25 October 2021 Which Programming Language Will Grow Most Over the Next Two Years? Dice Insights 16 October 2021 How I Went From 22,508 New Messages to Inbox Zero in 36 Hours Without Losing Anything Important Inc. 16 October 2021 Remote working sees cybersecurity questions soar on Stack Overflow TechRadar 13 October 2021 Keebin? With Kristina: The One With The Curved Typewriter Hackaday 13 October 2021 How to Assemble a Highly Effective Data Analytics Team Dice Insights 11 October 2021 53 entertaining, opinionated VCs on Twitter, Substack, and podcasts you should be following Business Insider In the news archive Company news Press releases from Stack Overflow 3 March 2022 Stack Overflow for Teams Challenges Knowledge Management Market with Content Health 23 February 2022 Stack Overflow Appoints Lily Toy as Chief Legal Officer 7 September 2021 Matthew Gallatin Joins Stack Overflow as Chief Financial Officer 24 June 2021 Stack Overflow Introduces Collectives?, Brings Developers and Technology Organizations Together to Build Faster Through Community 2 June 2021 Prosus to acquire Stack Overflow for US$1.8 billion 17 March 2021 Stack Overflow Launches Free Tier of Stack Overflow for Teams 6 January 2021 Stack Overflow Expands Leadership Team With New Chief People Officer, Debbie Shotwell 1 October 2020 Stack Overflow Completes SOC 2 Type II Audit 28 July 2020 Stack Overflow raises $85M in Series E funding to further accelerate SaaS business 15 January 2020 Stack Overflow Bolsters Leadership Team With New Chief Product Officer, Teresa Dietrich 24 September 2019 Stack Overflow Names Prashanth Chandrasekar New CEO Resources Whether you?re looking for the latest developer insights or more information on Stack Overflow?s product lines, here are some links that will help you: Leadership bios and headshots Blog for the latest commentary, company news, and insights. The Stack Overflow Podcast is a frank and funny conversation about what it means to work in software and how code is reshaping our world. Annual Developer Survey is a report summarizing survey results from the world?s largest developer community. Media inquiries press@stackoverflow.com Need our logo or brand guidelines? Grab them here Product images Feel free to use these if you need to visualize Stack Overflow. Stack Overflow for Teams Collectives? on Stack Overflow Stack Overflow Advertising Stack Overflow Questions Jobs Developer Jobs Directory Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram