frequency-counting Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Tag Archives: frequency-counting Maximise occurrence of an element after K replacements within Array elements Given an array arr[] having N integers, and an integer K, the task is to find an array such that it contains a single elements? Read More frequency-counting Arrays Greedy Minimize removal from Array so that in any pair one element is multiple of other Given an array arr[] of size N, the task is to count the minimum number of elements required to be removed from the given array? Read More frequency-counting Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Dynamic Programming Geeks Premier League Minimum bitwise OR after removing at most K elements from given Array Given an array A[] of length N, the task is to find the minimum possible value of bitwise OR of the elements after removing at? Read More frequency-counting Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Minimize deletion or insertions of Array elements such that arr[i] have frequency as its value Medium Given an array arr[] of length N, the task is to find the minimum number of operations to change the array such that each arr[i]? Read More frequency-counting Arrays Greedy Hash Find the most frequent element K positions apart from X in given Array Given an array nums[], and integer K and X, the task is to find the most frequent element K positions away from X in the? Read More frequency-counting Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Hash Count frequency of K in given Binary Tree Easy Given a binary tree of N nodes. Count the frequency of an integer K in the binary tree. Examples: Input: N = 7, K =? Read More Binary Tree frequency-counting Inorder Traversal Searching Tree Find count of Alphabetic and Alphanumeric strings from given Array of Strings Given an array of strings arr[] of size N. Each of the strings contains lowercase English letters or numbers only. The task is to find? Read More frequency-counting Hash School Programming Searching Strings Maximise distance by rearranging all duplicates at same distance in given Array Hard Given an array arr[] of N integers. Arrange the array in a way such that the minimum distance among all pairs of same elements is? Read More array-rearrange frequency-counting Arrays Greedy Mathematical Capitalize 1st character of all words having at least K characters Easy Given string str representing a sentence, and an integer K, the task is to capitalize all the words in the given sentence having at least? Read More frequency-counting School Programming Strings Check if string A can be converted to string B by changing A[i] to A[i+1] or A[i]..A[i+K-1] to A[i]+1 each Given two strings A and B each of length N and an integer K, the task is to find if string A can be converted? Read More frequency-counting Combinatorial Game Theory Greedy Hash Strings Count elements in Array appearing only once and don?t have its consecutive next and previous present Given an array arr[]. The task is to count elements in the array that appears only once and it?s consecutive next (arr[i]+1) and prev (arr[I]? Read More cpp-map frequency-counting Arrays Hash Mathematical Find frequency of each digit 0-9 by concatenating ASCII values of given string Given string str, the task is to find the frequency of all digits (0-9) in a string created by concatenating the ASCII values of each? Read More ASCII frequency-counting Mathematical Strings Print the frequency of adjacent repeating characters in given string Easy Given a string str of length N. The task is to print the frequency of adjacent repeating characters. Examples: Input: str = ?Hello?Output: l: 2Explanation:? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 frequency-counting Algo Geek Greedy Strings Count of ordered triplets with indices (i, j, k) representing distinct values and j ? i != k ? j Given a ternary string S consisting of only three characters, the task is to find the count of ordered triplets (i, j, k) such that? Read More frequency-counting Combinatorial Mathematical Distinct Prime Factors of a given number N Given a number N, the task is to find the distinct Prime Factors of N. Examples: Input: N = 12Output: 2 3Explanation: The factors of? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 frequency-counting prime-factor Algo Geek Mathematical Page 1 of 4812345...102030...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in frequency-counting Remove duplicates from a given string Counting frequencies of array elements Find frequency of each word in a string in Python Counting the frequencies in a list using dictionary in Python Frequency of a substring in a string Most visited in frequency-counting Find all missing numbers from a given sorted array Count occurrences of elements of list in Java Check if two strings are permutation of each other Check if two strings have a common substring Calculate the frequency of each word in the given string ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register