?GitHub on the App Store
    Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview GitHub 4+ Projects, ideas, & code to go GitHub #2 in Developer Tools 4.8 ? 10.6K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description There?s a lot you can do on GitHub that doesn?t require a complex development environment ? like sharing feedback on a design discussion, or reviewing a few lines of code. GitHub for iOS lets you move work forward wherever you are. Stay in touch with your team, triage issues, and even merge, right from the app. We?re making these tasks easy for you to perform, no matter where you work, with a beautifully native experience. You can use GitHub for iOS to: ? Browse your latest notifications ? Read, react, and reply to Issues and Pull Requests ? Review and merge Pull Requests ? Organize Issues with labels, assignees, projects, and more ? Browse your files and code ? Discover new and trending repositories ??? Terms of Service: https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-terms-of-service Privacy Policy: https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement What?s New Mar 21, 2022 Version 1.57.0 Bug fixes ? Fixed a bug that caused a rendering problem in the list of releases for enterprise users. ? Tapping on a submodule that uses a relative link now redirects to the correct repository in-app. Ratings and Reviews 4.8 out of 5 10.6K Ratings 10.6K Ratings Virgil89 , 08/07/2020 Can?t switch account The app seems pretty nice thus far but I wrongfully logged into another account and now it seems that there is no way to change it. When I sign out and sign back in, I?m only prompted to give permission for the initial account (also, why is asking for authorization every sign in?). Doubt that this is how is intended probably a bug? Would reconsider review once I can properly use it with my account. Update: As expected the switch account was unintentional and now is back to normal. So far I had no problems and I love having a proper app layout rather than the mobile version (that wasn?t bad at all btw). You could argue that now you have yet another app to keep checking for notifications but hey.. it is what it is. Developer Response , Sorry for the confusion! We're working on making this experience better. In the meantime, to login with another account, go to GitHub.com in Safari and logout. Then you should be able to login with another account in the app. teknowhore , 03/06/2022 has potential but too many dealbreakers I truly want to like this app but the bugs that have been around since I first used it are driving me crazy. Every time I add a new favorite it?ll disappear from my list a few minutes later, sometimes right before my eyes it?ll remove itself from my list. On top of that, the search functionality is atrocious, and way too limited. We can?t even search our own repos! The search functionality we do have for the rest of the site leaves a lot to be desired and doesn?t even return the same results as the website. We should be able to search our starred repos, our own repos as well as choose how our own repos are filtered, this is bottom of the barrell functionality that should be a no brainer. If its possible on the website, it should be possible in the application. Im honestly shocked at how little functionality this app offers as the official github client. lastly, iOS 14 required now? you cant be serious. time to write a good github client on my own I guess, supporting iOS 13 isnt difficult and theres absolutely nothing earth shattering offered in the 14 SDK that github needs to function. id be embarassed if i wrote an app this shoddy for such a high profile company. doctordeek , 03/25/2021 Looking for Mr. Good App Well GitHub promises to be better than most. I had to clean up my emails so today I just deleted them all from my past go to account ...all 967 thousand of them. Many were from an app called Google plus...oh 5 or 6 years ago. We loved that app...we were young , restless. On Google plus us wanna be acclaimed scientists would theorize on the basis of gravity , the universality of relativity and what not. Instead today I mostly anticipate the final burn, seeking some satisfaction along the way. I?ve been immersed into this world of hackers , cyber crimes , network insecurity , constant uncertainty and you know what.... I?m starting to enjoy it. My antagonists know one hellava lot about networks and I?m determined to..... oh I really don?t know what I?m determined to do but I kinda enjoy sparring with these unseen contestants. We will see ... I?m now determined to share what I?ve learned and I thing GitHub is where I?ll do it. I just am completely lost in finding a way to start ... But I will ....SOON App Privacy The developer, GitHub, indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Identifiers Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller GitHub Size 76.8 MB Category Developer Tools Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Languages English, Japanese, Portuguese, Simplified Chinese, Spanish Age Rating 4+ Copyright ? 2020 GitHub, Inc. Price Free In-App Purchases GitHub Pro $3.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing Some in?app purchases, including subscriptions, may be shareable with your family group when Family Sharing is enabled. You Might Also Like Kodex Developer Tools Python3IDE Developer Tools Scriptable Developer Tools Pyto - Python 3 Developer Tools iSH Shell Developer Tools Surge 4 Developer Tools More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Choose your country or region Copyright ? 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map