Stack Overflow Blog - Essays, opinions, and advice on the act of computer programming from Stack Overflow. Essays, opinions, and advice on the act of computer programming from Stack Overflow. Search for: Latest Newsletter Podcast Company Featured stackoverflowknows March 24, 2022 New data: Top movies and coding music according to developers Programmers cannot live on code alone. We asked about the movies and music that best fit with programming. David Gibson Staff, Data Analytics and Insights Featured stackoverflowknows March 17, 2022 New data: What makes developers happy at work Turns out developers and plants need mostly the same things. David Gibson Staff, Data Analytics and Insights code-for-a-living March 21, 2022 AI and nanotechnology are working together to solve real-world problems AI and nanotechnology are often seen as science fiction. But together they are finding real-world applications. Bernie Brode community March 16, 2022 Celebrating the Stack Exchange sites that turned ten years old in Q1 2022 From camping to tenure to memory, the sites turning ten this quarter cover a lot of ground. V2Blast and Ryan Donovan Most popular stackoverflowknowsMarch 17, 2022 code-for-a-livingMarch 3, 2022 code-for-a-livingMarch 2, 2020 stackoverflowknowsMarch 24, 2022 New data: What makes developers happy at work Stop aggregating away the signal in your data Best practices for REST API design New data: Top movies and coding music according to developers The Stack Overflow Podcast is a weekly conversation about working in software development, learning to code, and the art and culture of computer programming. March 25, 2022 Episode 427: Human laziness is the ultimate security threat The home team talks with Guillermo Rauch, CEO and cofounder of Vercel and cocreator of Next.js, and Sam Lambert, formerly VP of Engineering at Github and now CEO of PlanetScale. They cover how Vercel and PlanetScale are making the web more accessible to developers, the future of web development for professional programmers, and why human laziness is the ultimate security threat. Listen now March 23, 2022 Getting through a SOC 2 audit with your nerves intact (Ep. 426) And how to make friends with your auditor. Listen now March 22, 2022 Codespaces moves into public beta, the virtual real estate worth millions, and how microservices and CI/CD can hurt productivity (Ep. 425) The home team chats with Adam Lear, a staff software engineer on the public platform at Stack Overflow. They discuss GitHub?s move to put prebuilt Codespaces into public beta, the people paying millions for virtual real estate, and the downsides of microservices and CI/CD for developer productivity. Listen now March 18, 2022 McDonald?s is to Chipotle what REST APIs are to GraphQL (Ep. 424) Ceora, Ben, and Matt talk with Danielle Man, Director of Engineering at Apollo GraphQL, about how an MIT program for high school girls helped kick off her career, her path from IC to engineering manager, and how Apollo became what it is today. Listen now code-for-a-living March 14, 2022 How sharding a database can make it faster Sharding was one of the first ways databases were distributed to improve performance. Recent innovations have made it one of the best. Trista Juan Pan code-for-a-living March 9, 2022 Rewriting Bash scripts in Go using black box testing When rewriting software in a new language, how do you test that your new and old programs do the same thing? Daniel Orner March 8, 2022 Welcoming the new crew of Stack Overflow podcast hosts We've got a new team of hosts and some big plans for the future. Ben Popper Director of Content code-for-a-living March 3, 2022 Stop aggregating away the signal in your data By aggregating our data in an effort to simplify it, we lose the signal and the context we need to make sense of what we?re seeing. Zan Armstrong, Data Visualization Developer at Observable so-for-teams March 3, 2022 What?s new in Content Health? Our Content Health feature helps intelligently identify and surface potentially outdated or inaccurate knowledge?content that needs to be reviewed in order to keep your knowledge base healthy. Vasudha Swaminathan community March 2, 2022 Twilio launches Collective on Stack Overflow More than 10 million developers use Twilio?s platform to add customer engagement solutions to their products and services. Now there?s an easy way to find helpful content and connect with experts from Twilio and the Stack Overflow community when you have questions. Jascha Drel code-for-a-living February 28, 2022 Debugging best practices for REST API consumers How you can debug the APIs that you consume but don't own. Joyce Lin Posts navigation 1 2 3 4 5 ? 108 Next posts by author or Search for: Want updates to your inbox? Every week we?ll share a collection of great questions from our community, news and articles from our blog, and awesome links from around the web. Previous issues Subscribe on Stack Overflow RSS Feed March 25, 2022 The Overflow #118: What makes developers happy at work? Eira May and Cassidy Williams March 18, 2022 The Overflow #117: New podcast hosts, the CEO on PagerDuty, and horrible code on a deadline Eira May and Cassidy Williams March 11, 2022 The Overflow #116: Stop aggregating away the signal in your data Eira May and Cassidy Williams March 4, 2022 The Overflow #115: What engineering managers give up, an AI bot that can ace technical interviews, and a one-stop monorepo resource Eira May and Cassidy Williams ? 2022 All Rights Reserved. Proudly powered by WordPress Stack Overflow Questions Jobs Developer Jobs Directory Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Contact Us Channels Podcast Newsletter Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram