Master the Coding Interview - Contest Series Based On Real Interviews - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects Related Articles ? Related Articles Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Table of Contents Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Improve Article Save Article Like Article Master the Coding Interview ? Contest Series Based On Real Interviews Difficulty Level : Easy ?If you want to clear your next Coding Interview, practice as many programming questions as you can!? ? An obvious advice that a guy who?s preparing for a coding interview often gets. We always hear that Practice makes a man perfect, right??? No doubt, it is very much true as well. However, in practical terms, this statement is not sufficient alone as there are several other factors also that come along with this ideology and one needs to follow them to get the actual success. And these factors are: Consistent and Persistent Practice Practice in Right Environment and with Right Resources Get the Most Out of Each Practice Find all the upcoming events from here. If we relate it to the Coding Interview scenario ? you?re not only required to solve multiple programming questions, but you need to do this practice consistently. And that too with the right set of programming questions as you can?t expect to crack the interview by solving only easy questions or irrelevant questions ? you need to find out the questions that are actually asked in the interview and solve them to get better results. Other than that, if you fail to solve a particular question or commit some mistakes ? you need to evaluate the things and get your concepts cleared to avoid doing the same in the future. To make all the above tasks a bit convenient and efficient for you ? GeeksforGeeks is providing you with a recurring weekly Contest Series which is designed in such a way that it will Simulate the Coding Interview Rounds of Top IT Giants. Here, you will get to solve the actual coding-interview questions that are being asked by your targeted company whether it be Google, Microsoft, Amazon, or any other. The questions provided in the contest series will be based on the latest interview experiences posted on GeeksforGeeks by members of our Geek Family. Also, all the problems will be function problems ? you?re only required to complete the given function rather than writing the entire code. In addition, you will have the access to hints and time complexities ? though just like the real interview, asking for hints may have a negative impact on your overall score. Contest Details and Timeline Let us tell you that each contest will target a specific tech company and will focus on the coding rounds that are part of its hiring process. You will be asked to solve 2-3 DSA related questions in the given time frame and based on the accuracy of your submission you will get the scores. The contest series has already been started. Let us tell you that the first 5 contests in this series are released in a biweekly order i.e., every alternate Sunday from 07:00 PM to 08:00 PM. But, after getting the overwhelming responses and demand from all the geeks out there, we?ve decided to release the contests in a weekly order i.e., every Sunday from 07:00 PM to 08:00 PM ? from July 11, 2021, onwards. Keep track of all upcoming and past contests from here. Moreover, the editorials to each contest will be streamed on GeeksforGeeks Practice YouTube Channel immediately after the contest. These editorials will be provided by the experts and you?re strongly recommended to follow the GFG Practice Youtube Channel to get the solutions. General Instructions 1. There will be a 5% penalty for each wrong submission. For example, if a problem is of 100 marks and a participant makes a wrong submission, his marks will get reduced to 95. After the next wrong submission of the same problem, his marks are further reduced to 90.25 and so on. Therefore, you?re recommended to use ?Compile & Test? against sample test cases before each submission. 2. Please refrain from discussing strategy during the contest. All submissions are run through a plagiarism detector. Any case of code plagiarism will reduce the score of the concerned participants to 0. 3. It is advised to attempt the Sample Geeks Challenge to get familiar with the GeeksforGeeks coding environment. 4. The Languages supported for the Contest are C++, Java, Python. This Contest Series will surely help you to prepare well for your next Coding Interview Round by allowing you to practice with real-time interview programming questions. Also, we?re planning to cover questions from all the tech giants whether it be FAANG companies or any renowned tech startup in this series. So, don?t miss out on such a remarkable opportunity and participate in this Contest Series wholeheartedly!! My Personal Notes arrow_drop_up Save Like Previous Angular PrimeNG FileUpload Component Next JavaFX Tutorial Recommended Articles Page : Geeks Coding Challenge [GCC 2019] - A Three Day Coding Challenge By GeeksforGeeks 06, Dec 19 How to Prepare for FAANG Interviews? - FAANG Interview Prep Plan 13, Dec 21 Top 5 Exams To Take For Pursing Master's Program - From India to Abroad! 26, Feb 21 7 Best Tips to Learn and Master a New Technology 29, Dec 20 Top 7 Books to Learn and Master Kotlin 03, Mar 21 6 Steps to Learn and Master a Programming Language 06, Jan 21 Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies 27, Jan 22 Top 5 Common Mistakes in Technical On-site Interviews 23, Nov 15 Resources for Job Interviews 21, May 19 How to Crack System Design Round in Interviews? 16, Oct 19 8 Most Important Steps To Follow in System Design Round of Interviews 24, Nov 20 7 Best Tips to Prepare for Online Job Interviews 02, Jul 20 7 Must-Have Mobile Apps to Prepare for Online Interviews 07, Aug 20 5 Tips to Crack Low-Level System Design Interviews 07, Aug 20 Preparation for Skype Interviews 11, Feb 21 How to Completely Prepare For Tech Interviews? 15, Aug 21 How to get started for technical Interviews? 30, Aug 17 Prepare For Your Dream Company With Coding Round Contests Test Series - FREE! 26, Nov 20 Difference Between a Product Based Company and Service Based Company 20, Jul 20 Class Based vs Function Based Views - Which One is Better to Use in Django? 15, May 21 Special 21 - Coding Interview Preparation in 21 Days Lockdown 31, Mar 20 Must Know Things to Clear Your Python Coding Interview 23, Jun 21 Best Tips and Strategies to Prepare for a Coding Interview 31, May 21 Practice for cracking any coding interview 21, Sep 18 Article Contributed By : GeeksforGeeks Vote for difficulty Current difficulty : Easy Easy Normal Medium Hard Expert Article Tags : GFG-Update GBlog Report Issue Writing code in comment? Please use ide.geeksforgeeks.org, generate link and share the link here. Load Comments What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in GBlog Best Way To Start Learning Core Java ? A Complete Roadmap DSA Sheet by Love Babbar Top Linux Command Line Tips and Tricks Machine Learning Engineer vs Data Scientist - Which is Better? Top 10 Programming Languages to Learn in 2022 More related articles in GBlog 10 Tips For Landing Your Dream Internship 7 Must Have IntelliJ IDEA Plugins For Java Developers Introduction to Hill Climbing | Artificial Intelligence ML | Underfitting and Overfitting Reading a CSV file in Java using OpenCSV ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register