binary-string Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Tag Archives: binary-string Largest index to be reached in Binary Array after K jumps between different values Given a binary array arr[] of size N and an integer K, the task is to find the highest index which can be reached in? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Count of possible distinct Binary strings after replacing ?11? with ?0? Given a binary string str of size N containing 0 and 1 only, the task is to count all possible distinct binary strings when a? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 permutation Dynamic Programming Geeks Premier League Strings Count of sum of ?10? subsequences for each 1 in string with A 1s, B 10s and C 0s Given an A ?1?s, B ?10?s, and C ?0?s, the task is to count of sum of ?10? subsequences for each 1s in the string? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 subsequence Bit Magic Combinatorial Geeks Premier League Strings Maximise length of smallest group by dividing Binary String into K groups of same bit Given a binary string S of length N. Distribute 0s and 1s of the string into K groups such that: Each group consists atleast a? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Greedy Sort given Binary Doubly Linked List without modifying the data Given a head and a tail of a doubly linked list containing 0s and 1s, the task is to sort the Doubly linked list without? Read More binary-string doubly linked list Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Linked List Sorting Count of 1?s after flipping the bits at multiples from 1 to N Given N sized binary array A[] containing all 0?s initially. The task is to find the final count of 1?s after flipping the bits at? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Mathematical Check if given Binary String can be made Palindrome using K flips Expert Given a binary string str, the task is to determine if string str can be converted into a palindrome in K moves. In one move? Read More binary-string palindrome two-pointer-algorithm Bit Magic Greedy Strings Minimum cost to remove all 1s from given Binary String as per given conditions Expert Given a binary sequence of 1?s and 0?s. Our task is to remove all 1s from the sequence in minimum cost by below operations. Remove? Read More binary-string sliding-window Dynamic Programming Greedy Mathematical Strings Position of leftmost set bit in given binary string where all 1s appear at end Given a binary string S of length N, such that all 1s appear on the right. The task is to return the index of the? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Strings Maximize subarrays of 0s of length X in given Binary String after flipping at most one ?1? Given a binary string str of length N and a positive integer X, the task is to maximize the count of X length subarrays consisting? Read More binary-string subarray Greedy Mathematical Strings Find partitions that maximises sum of count of 0?s in left part and count of 1?s in right part Given a binary array nums of length N, The task is to find all possible partitions in given array such that sum of count of? Read More binary-string prefix-sum Arrays Bit Magic Greedy Mathematical Strings Count of setbits in bitwise OR of all K length substrings of given Binary String Given a binary string str of length N, the task is to find the number of setbits in the bitwise OR of all the K? Read More binary-string Bitwise-OR setBitCount sliding-window Bit Magic Mathematical Strings Find the index at which bit must be set to maximise distance between next set bit Given a binary array arr[]. The task is to find the position of any 0 in arr[] such that the distance between two set bits? Read More binary-string setBitCount Arrays Greedy Mathematical Maximum count of unique index 10 or 01 substrings in given Binary string Given a binary string str of length N, the task is to count the maximum number of adjacent pairs of form ?01? or ?10? that? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 binary-string substring Algo Geek Greedy Mathematical Strings Find first K characters in Nth term of the Thue-Morse sequence Given two integers N and K, the task is to print the first K bits of the Nth term of the Thue-Morse sequence. The Thue-Morse? Read More binary-string Sequence and Series Algo Geek Recursion Page 1 of 2612345...1020...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in binary-string Minimum swaps required to make a binary string alternating Number of flips to make binary string alternate | Set 1 Maximum consecutive one?s (or zeros) in a binary array Split the binary string into substrings with equal number of 0s and 1s Generate all the binary strings of N bits Most visited in binary-string Count of sub-strings with equal consecutive 0's and 1's Maximum power of jump required to reach the end of string Convert String into Binary Sequence Given a binary string, count number of substrings that start and end with 1. Count number of binary strings without consecutive 1's ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register