Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Main Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Welcome to Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 6,474,073 articles in English The arts Biography Geography History Mathematics Science Society Technology All portals From today's featured article Jadran is a sailing ship for basic naval training built in Germany for the Royal Yugoslav Navy and currently in Montenegrin service. Commissioned in 1933, she completed seven long training cruises before World War II. During the war, she continued as a training ship, first by the Yugoslavians, but later by the Italians and then the Germans. Looted and dilapidated, she was returned to the new Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1946 and was rebuilt. Between 1949 and 1991, training was mainly conducted in the Adriatic, and she undertook only five long-distance cruises. When the Yugoslav Wars commenced in 1991, Jadran was homeported at Split but was undergoing a refit at Tivat in the Bay of Kotor and came under the control of rump Yugoslavia. In 2006, Montenegro became independent, and Jadran became a ship of the Montenegrin Navy. Her ownership remains disputed between Montenegro and Croatia; in December 2021, the two countries agreed to form a commission to settle the dispute. (Full article...) Recently featured: Wie sch?n leuchtet der Morgenstern, BWV 1 Seattle Center Monorail "SLAPP Suits" Archive By email More featured articles Did you know ... Animation of a nimo tube ... that Industrial Electronic Engineers' nimo tube (example pictured) contained ten electron guns firing through a number-shaped stencil? ... that New Zealand editor and journalist Madeleine Chapman, known for fashion label expos?s and snack food ranking lists, is a champion javelin thrower? ... that John Wesley Shipp, who played the Flash in the 1990 television series, was cast as his father in the pilot episode of 2014's The Flash? ... that as part of his work as an antiquary, William Thomas visited every church in Worcestershire? ... that after Los Angeles Spanish-language TV station KMEX-TV discovered that 15 percent of its viewers did not know the language, it added Spanish courses to its programming? ... that Valeriy Chybineyev was honored as a Hero of Ukraine in 2016 for his actions during the war in Donbas? ... that supplies were so poor during the Royal Expedition of the First Carlist War that some soldiers wore cardboard-heeled shoes? ... that Chinese writer Feng Xuefeng rewrote his 500,000-character manuscript, lost after he was captured by the Nationalists?only for him to burn it himself? Archive Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Dennis Sullivan Mathematician Dennis Sullivan (pictured) is awarded the Abel Prize for his work in topology. China Eastern Airlines Flight 5735 crashes in Guangxi, China, killing all 132 people on board. The 1915 ?anakkale Bridge, the first bridge over the Dardanelles and the world's longest suspension bridge, opens in Turkey. Serdar Berdimuhamedow succeeds his father Gurbanguly and takes office as president of Turkmenistan. Ongoing: COVID-19 pandemic Russian invasion of Ukraine Recent deaths: Taylor Hawkins Tom Barrise Steve Wilhite Barrington Patterson Elnardo Webster Yvan Colonna Nominate an article On this day March 26: Earth Hour (20:30 local time in various areas, 2022) Serbian artillery at Adrianople 1697 ? The Safavid Empire began a four-year occupation of the Ottoman city of Basra on the Persian Gulf. 1885 ? Perceiving that the Canadian government was failing to protect their rights, the M?tis people led by Louis Riel began the North-West Rebellion. 1913 ? First Balkan War: After a five-month siege, Bulgarian and Serbian forces (artillery pictured) captured the Ottoman city of Adrianople. 1975 ? The Biological Weapons Convention, the first multilateral disarmament treaty banning the production of an entire category of weapons, entered into force. 1997 ? Police in Rancho Santa Fe, California, discovered the bodies of 39 members of the religious group Heaven's Gate who had died in an apparent cult suicide. Jacob van Eyck (d. 1657) James Hutton (d. 1797) Guido Stampacchia (b. 1922) More anniversaries: March 25 March 26 March 27 Archive By email List of days of the year Today's featured picture The Palace of Fine Arts is a monumental structure in the Marina District of San Francisco, California. It was originally constructed for the 1915 Panama?Pacific International Exposition to exhibit works of art. Completely rebuilt from 1964 to 1974, it is the only structure from the exposition that survives on site. The most prominent building of the complex, a 162-foot-high (49-meter) open rotunda, is enclosed by a lagoon on one side, and adjoins a large, curved exhibition center on the other side, separated from the lagoon by colonnades. Photograph credit: Rhododendrites Recently featured: Porters Pass Trimeresurus gumprechti Seal of Florida Archive More featured pictures Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal ? The central hub for editors, with resources, links, tasks, and announcements. Village pump ? Forum for discussions about Wikipedia itself, including policies and technical issues. Site news ? Sources of news about Wikipedia and the broader Wikimedia movement. Teahouse ? Ask basic questions about using or editing Wikipedia. Help desk ? Ask questions about using or editing Wikipedia. Reference desk ? Ask research questions about encyclopedic topics. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteer projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning tools Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. 1,000,000+ articles ??????? Deutsch Espa?ol Fran?ais Italiano Nederlands ??? Polski Portugu?s ??????? Svenska ?????????? Ti?ng Vi?t ?? 250,000+ articles Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu B?n-l?m-g? ????????? Catal? ?e?tina Dansk Esperanto Euskara ?????? ????? ??? Magyar Norsk Bokm?l Rom?n? Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi T?rk?e 50,000+ articles Asturianu ????? Bosanski Eesti ???????? Simple English Galego Hrvatski Latvie?u Lietuvi? ?????? ?????????? Norsk nynorsk Shqip Sloven?ina Sloven??ina ??? Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=1069328725" Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Main Page Talk English Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Multilingual Wikisource Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikimania Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Wiktionary Languages ??????? ????? ????????? Bosanski Catal? ?e?tina Dansk Deutsch Eesti ???????? Espa?ol Esperanto Euskara ????? Fran?ais Galego ??? Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ????? ??????? Latvie?u Lietuvi? Magyar ?????????? Bahasa Melayu Nederlands ??? Norsk bokm?l Norsk nynorsk Polski Portugu?s Rom?n? ??????? Simple English Sloven?ina Sloven??ina ?????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ?????????????? Suomi Svenska ??? T?rk?e ?????????? Ti?ng Vi?t ?? This page was last edited on 1 February 2022, at 19:01 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia? is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement