Super User Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 179 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading? 0 +0 Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us Log in Sign up current community Super User help chat Meta Super User your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Super User is a question and answer site for computer enthusiasts and power users. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Sponsored by Home Public Questions Tags Users Unanswered Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Explore our Questions Ask Question linuxwindowswindows-7windows-10networkingmicrosoft-excelmacosubuntuhard-drivewireless-networking more tags Active 6 Bountied Hot Week Month 0votes 0answers 2views Zoom Meeting Default Monitor zoom-meeting Ahmed 303 asked 4 mins ago 0votes 1answer 11views How to deactive my laptop's main keyboard keyboard John 34.2k answered 5 mins ago 0votes 1answer 23views Which connector does SAS use? hard-drive raid sata Daniel B 52.2k answered 20 mins ago 0votes 4answers 9kviews How do I insert multiple images into Word in order? microsoft-word images microsoft-word-2016 Anubhav Yadav 1 answered 27 mins ago 2votes 1answer 3kviews Fonts of some X11 applications are unreadably small linux fonts xorg kde dybuk 1 modified 39 mins ago -2votes 1answer 35views Can someone explain this internet issue I had? firefox dns An-dir 16 modified 40 mins ago 1vote 1answer 3kviews SSHFS mounting with FSTAB during boot (Linux / Debian) ssh debian mount fstab sshfs CommunityBot 1 modified 56 mins ago 3votes 5answers 41kviews Mouse scrolling doesn't work right, sometimes wont work at all windows mouse mouse-wheel CommunityBot 1 modified 56 mins ago 1vote 1answer 24views Find stale installed programs with PowerShell windows powershell uninstall file-search SimonS 7,600 modified 57 mins ago 0votes 1answer 29views Given the IP address 22.181.0.0/21, create subnets starting from this address networking ip subnet ipv4 user1686 365k modified 1 hour ago 1vote 2answers 127views Ungroup taskbar items in Windows 11 taskbar windows-11 Albin 7,138 modified 1 hour ago 0votes 0answers 16views how do I set up dual monitors for desktop and laptop? multiple-monitors kvm-switch docking-station multiple-computers George 101 asked 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 3kviews NAT loopback on my router router port-forwarding iptables nat loopback CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 3kviews Unable to mount network shares over VPN on Mac vpn macos mac CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions First Declension Singular, Gen or Dat? How similar are Ukrainian and Russian? What does Putin/Russia gain from only accepting payment for gas in Rubles? What observable traits set the MilkyWay apart from other Galaxies? Is this homebrew monkey race overpowered? Propulsion method for MANPADS missiles Science fiction short story about children on a beach stranded in time in perpetual twilight Did any PC software floating point use non-IEEE format? Why is Prince Charles the 'Prince of Wales' and could Wales theoretically reject this? What kind of horseshoes work best on a molten lead track? Handcent Next SMS just flagged by Play Protect -- what's going on? Convert from Two's Complement to Decimal Where do production houses find tailors and how much do they cost? Do/did any major RPGs have "hidden rules" or "spells that do things other than what they say"? Does macOS delete files in /tmp periodically? What is the purpose of Genesis 1-9 according to non-YEC Trinitarians? What is the use of expected value in machine learning models? Stargate Universe blunder: whey do they keep talking about Naquadria when it should be Naquada...? If a minor requested a doctor prescribe her birth control, can she demand the doctor not disclose her request to her parents? What is the name of the effect that causes a plane in a dive to go up? Why isn't Spring equinox on 1st of April? 2022: Is Ukraine at war with Russia? Is there a proof assistant supporting double negation modality? What's IFR departure procedure from private field with encroaching obstacles but no published ODP? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Super User Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow For Teams Advertise With Us Hire a Developer Developer Jobs About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Super User works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings