Machine Learning Engineer vs Data Scientist - Which is Better? - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects Related Articles ? Related Articles Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Table of Contents Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Improve Article Save Article Like Article Machine Learning Engineer vs Data Scientist ? Which is Better? Last Updated : 24 Mar, 2022 In today?s modern world, thousands of data are generated daily and thus it has become a necessity to process it. To process it, we need powerful automated devices and to build those devices, professionals like Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers are in high demand. The debate goes on as to which profession is better. Let?s understand the difference between Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers. Data Scientists are analytical experts who analyze and manage a large amount of data using specialized technologies. This profession offers and is amazing satisfaction rating of 4.4 out of 5. Further, it is described as one of the most desirable professions in the 21st century. Machine Learning Engineers are those who focus on researching, building, and designing self-reliant artificial intelligence (AI) systems to automate predictive models. As per the survey, the demand for Machine Learning Engineers is expected to grow by 43 percent which is far more than the average. Let?s talk about their work, importance, roles, and responsibilities one by one so that you can find out the better career domain for yourself Data Scientist or Machine Learning Engineer: Data Scientist What Does a Data Scientist Do? From finding a solution of the best new diabetes treatment to identifying and thwarting national security threats, the ability to convert a set of data into actionable insights can have an intense impact. This is the reason why private and government agencies are moving to hire data science professionals who can do it very quickly and efficiently. They gather, derive, and process the incoming data to bring out a valuable output. There are several other related profiles also like data analysts and data engineers. One should have a good knowledge of statistical analysis, programming, and machine learning as well to become a data scientist. They also work on special areas like speech analytics, text, image and video processing, etc. Skills Required to Become a Data Scientist : Given below are the top skills that are required to become a data scientist: Programming: This is the first and very important skill any data scientist should have. Good knowledge of relevant languages like Python makes it better to excel in this career. Knowing programming languages helps professionals organize unstructured data sets. Mathematics: Various mathematical concepts like Linear Algebra, Statistics, Probability, Calculus, etc. play a vital role in Data Science, hence you must be familiar with these concepts. To get more information about the basic statistics concepts about data science click here. Knowledge of Analytical Tools: For extracting valuable information from an organized set of data, an understanding of relevant analytical tools is a necessary skill. Some of the tools which data scientists use are Hadoop, SAS, Hive, Pig, and R. Data Extraction, Wrangling, and Visualization: Extract data from sources like MySQL and MongoDB and transform it to store in a particular format and structure for querying and analysis. Then load data to Data Warehouse to analyze it. Data Wrangling is cleaning the messy and complex data sets to ease access. There are tools like Tableau, Power BI good for data visualization. Model Deployment: The method to deploy a machine learning model in a live environment. It is a key step to gaining operational value from machine learning. Deploying them into production is an important step to allow businesses to start using them in practical ways. Machine Learning: With machine learning, you can build predictive models. Machine learning algorithms are needed to predict anything that is going to happen in the future based on past data. From simple linear and logistic regression models to advanced ones like Random Forest, XGBoost, CatBoost, all are the best models to handle data, and also give low error rates. Roles and Responsibilities of a Data Scientist : The very first role of a data scientist involves researching and developing statistical models for data analysis. Also, the responsibility includes understanding the needs of the customers and designing models or leading them towards solutions. Identifying new opportunities in the industry and thus designing models keeping that in mind that will help in the improvement process of the company. Use of databases and designs of projects that are used to optimize the solutions that are being faced while involved in a project. Also, the processing, cleansing, and checking the integrity of data used for data analysis. Machine Learning Engineer What Does a Machine Learning Engineer Do? Those sophisticated programmers who develop and train machines are machine learning engineers. They automate predictive models by researching, building, and designing self-running software. They build artificial intelligence (AI) systems that hold huge data sets to generate and develop algorithms that are capable of making predictions. The system learns from experience and holds those results for future operations. Designing machine learning systems requires Machine Learning Engineers to assess, analyze, and organize data, execute tests, and optimize the learning process to help develop high-performance machine learning models. Skills Required to Become a Machine Learning Engineer Given below are the top skills to become a machine learning engineer: Programming: Again, programming is considered to be the most important skill machine learning engineers should have. One also should have a good grip on computer concepts. Mathematics: Mathematics is an important skill needed for becoming a machine learning engineer. Important concepts such as probability, linear algebra, multivariate calculus, statistics, distributions like Poisson, normal, binomial, etc. should be very clear. Data Modeling and Evaluation ? This includes understanding the structure of data and finding data patterns that will be suitable. Using the algorithm, evaluate the data that is suitable for it. Advanced Signal Processing ? The main use is to minimize noise and extract the best features of a given signal. Some concepts like Algorithms such as wavelets, shearlets, curvelets, contourlets, bandlets, convex/greedy optimization theory. NLP ? abbreviated as Natural Language Processing Learn, to create devices and systems to understand, interpret and manipulate human language. Libraries and techniques of NLP are Word2vec, Sentiment analysis, Summarization, etc. Neural Networks ? They can be called a set of algorithms, loosely modeled after the brain of humans designed in a way to recognize patterns. They interpret data using a type of clustering or labeling raw input and machine perception. To get more information about the skills required to become a machine learning engineer click here. Roles and Responsibilities of a Machine Learning Engineer: To analyze the data science technology and design them into machine learning models. Also, association with data engineers to develop data and model pipelines. To design distributed systems, the application of data science and machine learning techniques is equally important. Writing production-level codes to improve the existing machine learning models to make that code suitable for production to getting involved in the code reviews and learning from them on what changes are to be made. Choice of appropriate datasets and the proper data representation methods, running machine learning tests and experimenting on them, performing statistical analysis, and fine-tuning using these test results. Conclusion Skills like programming and good communication are required by both professionals. So switching from one domain to another won?t be too challenging. From this you can infer, both data science and machine learning are outstanding career options and there are great opportunities in both of them. So, instead of debating on which one is a better profession among data science and machine learning, it will be beneficial to know that both of the professions are best in their way. Both of them are highly paid professionals. It depends on an individual?s interest in which domain one wants to work on. In both of the career opportunities, one needs to have wide knowledge, which leads to the best career decisions. Although both are different from each other but play an important role in the development of an organization. My Personal Notes arrow_drop_up Save Like Previous Software Testing - Boundary Value Analysis Next Software Testing - Test Script Recommended Articles Page : Difference Between Computer Scientist and Data Scientist 10, May 20 Difference between Data Scientist, Data Engineer, Data Analyst 29, Oct 18 Online Learning vs Classroom Learning - What is Better for You? 11, Oct 21 Need of Data Structures and Algorithms for Deep Learning and Machine Learning 14, Oct 20 Support vector machine in Machine Learning 20, Dec 20 Azure Virtual Machine for Machine Learning 06, Dec 19 Machine Learning Model with Teachable Machine 26, Feb 22 Artificial intelligence vs Machine Learning vs Deep Learning 23, Jan 19 How to Start Learning Machine Learning? 11, Sep 19 Difference Between Artificial Intelligence vs Machine Learning vs Deep Learning 01, May 20 Difference Between Machine Learning and Deep Learning 26, May 20 Learning Model Building in Scikit-learn : A Python Machine Learning Library 17, Feb 17 Difference between a Data Analyst and a Data Scientist 16, Jul 19 How to Become a Data Scientist in 2019: A Complete Guide 08, Oct 19 How to Become a Chartered Data Scientist? 16, Jun 20 Top NoSQL Databases That Every Data Scientist Should Know About 27, Oct 20 What Are the Roles and Responsibilities of a Data Scientist? 07, Dec 20 Top Online Communities Every Data Scientist Must Know 11, Jul 21 How to Become Data Scientist ? A Complete Roadmap 07, Dec 20 ML | Introduction to Data in Machine Learning 01, May 18 Relationship between Data Mining and Machine Learning 17, Jul 19 Using Google Cloud Function to generate data for Machine Learning model 14, Jan 20 Machine Learning and Data Science 14, Feb 20 Difference Between Data mining and Machine learning 10, Apr 20 Article Contributed By : GeeksforGeeks Vote for difficulty Easy Normal Medium Hard Expert Article Tags : data-science GBlog Machine Learning Practice Tags : Machine Learning Report Issue Writing code in comment? Please use ide.geeksforgeeks.org, generate link and share the link here. Load Comments What's New Machine Learning Foundation - Self Paced View Details Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details Most popular in GBlog Best Way To Start Learning Core Java ? A Complete Roadmap DSA Sheet by Love Babbar Top Linux Command Line Tips and Tricks Top 10 Programming Languages to Learn in 2022 10 Tips For Landing Your Dream Internship Most visited in Machine Learning Naive Bayes Classifiers Linear Regression (Python Implementation) Removing stop words with NLTK in Python Python | Decision tree implementation Decision Tree ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register