Unix & Linux Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 179 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading? 0 +0 Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us Log in Sign up current community Unix & Linux help chat Unix & Linux Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Unix & Linux Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for users of Linux, FreeBSD and other Un*x-like operating systems. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Sponsored by Home Public Questions Tags Users Unanswered Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Explore our Questions Ask Question linuxbashshell-scriptdebianubuntushellcentostext-processingawkssh more tags Active 4 Bountied Hot Week Month 1vote 2answers 3kviews Greenbone/GVM (Kali Linux) scan config error message troubleshooting Reza 1 answered 21 mins ago 0votes 1answer 22views How does the command created by dircolors work? colors terminal-emulator waltinator 3,423 answered 36 mins ago 0votes 1answer 6views Updating to GLIBC 2.34 for use with Matlab linux-mint matlab Nasir Riley 9,025 answered 44 mins ago -1votes 0answers 4views VB Kali Linux mouse left/right click is not working on the left side of screen? debian kali-linux virtualbox st-a 1 asked 50 mins ago 0votes 1answer 3kviews Copy specific folders via lftp linux command-line lftp CommunityBot 1 modified 58 mins ago 1vote 1answer 39views novnc for linux docker - x11vnc returns: XOpenDisplay failed (:0) *** x11vnc was unable to open the X DISPLAY: ":0" linux docker x11vnc Jeff Schaller? 62.5k modified 1 hour ago 1vote 1answer 32views Installation of iMod on CentOS 7 centos nvidia gpu cuda Jeff Schaller? 62.5k modified 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 42views PERMANENTLY change the output format of the 'date' command in my Kali Linux kali-linux date locale output Jeff Schaller? 62.5k modified 1 hour ago 0votes 0answers 11views md: kicking non-fresh sdg from array! md/raid:md0: and then not enough operational devices (3/7 failed) linux raid mdadm rescue superblock LeChatNoir 1 modified 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 25views Change default login user for Linux from root linux login root useradd autologin Cani687 1 answered 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 10views Changed default user and now colors don't work Ubuntu bash ubuntu terminal users colors steeldriver 70.8k answered 1 hour ago 2votes 0answers 21views execvp: /bin/bash: Argument list too long on Ubuntu 20.04 but OK on Ubuntu 18.04 (all using Windows 10 subsysem) ubuntu xargs windows-subsystem-for-linux Nasser 709 modified 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 2kviews error: ext4_allocate_best_fit_partial: failed to allocate 3967 blocks, out of space? linux ubuntu ext4 android CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 1vote 4answers 9kviews Error during installation of latest stable Chrome on Debian debian chrome Synaxis 1 answered 2 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Which D&D deity's religious practices and beliefs are the most comprehensively detailed in official published material? Compress cases environment horizontally Propulsion method for MANPADS missiles European rail pass for the old Stargate Universe blunder: whey do they keep talking about Naquadria when it should be Naquada...? Which manufacturer's logo is this? Convert from Two's Complement to Decimal What's a word to describe things used in a game? What does Pratchett's "poets notwithstanding" joke mean? Is there a proof assistant supporting double negation modality? Is it ok to bring cookies for the entire office to my interview? Is this homebrew monkey race overpowered? Enigmarch Day 4: Lock Smallest numbers whose square has even number of digits Name of the tale in which a traveler inherits a boatman's curse after accepting to relay him Expand a matrix goo-ily How similar are Ukrainian and Russian? The interstice of two binary numbers Creating list from field values with PyQGIS Zero result from positive integral Why does foldl' use a lot of RAM with complex data structures? What can be gleaned from Lovecraft's usage of the words "obscene" and "blasphemous"? What exactly are the stated objectives of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine? Is it legal for a business to refuse service to a former customer in retribution for them leaving negative online reviews of the business? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Unix & Linux Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow For Teams Advertise With Us Hire a Developer Developer Jobs About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group. This site is not affiliated with Linus Torvalds or The Open Group in any way. Unix & Linux Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings