Degree Verification | Office of the Registrar Skip to main content Coming to campus? Visit this page for important information. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Return to Campus Roadmap for Fall Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research COVID-19 Research and Innovation Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of the Registrar Office of the Registrar In this section Home COVID-19 Updates Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Maintaining Conditional Offer of Admission Change of Program/Major Apply as a Returning Student Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation Home COVID-19 Updates Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Maintaining Conditional Offer of Admission Change of Program/Major Apply as a Returning Student Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation UWindsor Home Office of the Registrar Degree Verification Degree Verification The University of Windsor has joined with AuraData, Canada?s online education verification system for the purposes of verifying degree completion status of University of Windsor graduates. AuraData is now providing risk prevention in the number one area of r?sum? fraud, post secondary/professional designation education claims. Subscribers to AuraData can now efficiently confirm the post secondary education achievement of prospective employees, online 24/7. AuraData does this while conforming to Federal and Provincial Privacy laws. Employers can now minimize the hiring risk associated with education fraud so prevalent in the hiring process. Universities, Colleges and Professional Designations now have a reliable method of assuring the credibility of their product. Also, graduates are now protected from the illicit use of their designations by unscrupulous job hunters. For fast, economical and convenient education verifications for the University of Windsor go to www.auradata.com or call 416-406-0444 or 1-877-580-2872. Requests for verification of University of Windsor transcripts or enrolment status, when authorized by the student, can be directed to the Office of the Registrar by fax at 519-971-3653. Copies of the document(s) and the student?s signed authorization are required. share tweet save UPCOMING EVENTS Registration for MSW Working Professional Opens in UWinsite Student for Inter-Session / Summer 2022 Fri, 04/01/2022 NURSING: Last Day to Voluntarily Withdraw through regular drop method for Winter 2022 courses (Nursing courses) Mon, 04/04/2022 Validation Opens (Shopping Cart) in UWinsite Student for Inter-Session / Summer 2022 for remaining students (MSW Working Professional continue to register) Mon, 04/04/2022 NURSING: Last Day of Winter Classes for Nursing Wed, 04/06/2022 Masters of Management: Last Day of Winter Classes for Masters of Management classes Fri, 04/08/2022 View Event Calendar share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram