Bridge the Gap Between Engineering and Your Dream Job - Complete Interview Preparation - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects Related Articles ? Related Articles Removing stop words with NLTK in Python Naive Bayes Classifiers Linear Regression (Python Implementation) Apriori Algorithm Supervised and Unsupervised learning Decision Tree Reinforcement learning Decision Tree Introduction with example Python | Decision tree implementation ML | Linear Regression KDD Process in Data Mining Getting started with Machine Learning Best Python libraries for Machine Learning How to Run a Python Script using Docker? Confusion Matrix in Machine Learning ML | Underfitting and Overfitting Python | Mean Squared Error Clustering in Machine Learning ML | Label Encoding of datasets in Python K means Clustering - Introduction K-Nearest Neighbours Understanding Logistic Regression Digital Image Processing Basics Docker - COPY Instruction OLAP Operations in DBMS Basic Concept of Classification (Data Mining) Python | Decision Tree Regression using sklearn An introduction to Machine Learning System Design Tutorial Pattern Recognition | Introduction Table of Contents Removing stop words with NLTK in Python Naive Bayes Classifiers Linear Regression (Python Implementation) Apriori Algorithm Supervised and Unsupervised learning Decision Tree Reinforcement learning Decision Tree Introduction with example Python | Decision tree implementation ML | Linear Regression KDD Process in Data Mining Getting started with Machine Learning Best Python libraries for Machine Learning How to Run a Python Script using Docker? Confusion Matrix in Machine Learning ML | Underfitting and Overfitting Python | Mean Squared Error Clustering in Machine Learning ML | Label Encoding of datasets in Python K means Clustering - Introduction K-Nearest Neighbours Understanding Logistic Regression Digital Image Processing Basics Docker - COPY Instruction OLAP Operations in DBMS Basic Concept of Classification (Data Mining) Python | Decision Tree Regression using sklearn An introduction to Machine Learning System Design Tutorial Pattern Recognition | Introduction Improve Article Save Article Like Article Bridge the Gap Between Engineering and Your Dream Job ? Complete Interview Preparation Difficulty Level : Easy In India, lakhs of students enroll themselves in engineering colleges every year to establish a successful career in the engineering discipline. And why not, as engineering has always been responsible for opening the doors of various lucrative career opportunities in the job market. However, if we take a look at several facts & figures in recent times, it shows something different: As per the reports, approx. 72% of engineering graduates haven?t got any job opportunities during campus placement for the session 2019-20. Also, according to a survey report of 1000 candidates, only 26-27% of individuals are confident of landing up a job with their desired package as per their skills. Now, many of us would think that these stats are showing the lack of job opportunities, right?? A big NO! Are There Enough Job Opportunities for Tech Graduates? However, it is quite true that there is a massive crowd of engineering students every year who compete with each other for landing up a job in their dream company but no one can also deny this fact the job opportunities in the tech world are growing exponentially. Whether we talk about leading IT giants such as Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc., or any startup company, they all are coming with numerous career opportunities regularly in various domains and technologies for the students. So, if there exists both ? engineers and job opportunities, why unemployability rate is still rising among the tech graduates, and where does the problem lie?? Let?s make it clear ? the problem lies in the approach itself. It can be understood as ? according to the organizations, more than 70% of tech graduates are actually not employable because of the lack of required skill set in the industry. Despite following the 4-year engineering curriculum, students don?t find themselves in a position having industry-related and practical knowledge required for placements. However, there is nothing wrong with the engineering curriculum as it gives you vast exposure to various subjects and areas of computer science but it is up to you to equip yourself with the relevant skillset that is required to get job opportunities. Before moving further, take a look at the below-mentioned stats of tech graduates: Around 40% of engineers in India aren?t able to write error-free and clean code. Among all the students, only 42-45% of engineering students do some worthwhile internships and projects. Nearly 3-4% of engineers in India possess new-age tech skills such as AI, ML, etc. Now, you can understand why there is a need for the students to have a specific approach towards the job market and prepare themselves with an appropriate skillset that can ensure them the desired job in their dream company that too with an effective salary package. How to Make Yourself Industry-Ready? But again, the question arises ? how can a student equip himself with the required skill set for the jobs? So, there should be a strategical approach behind this placement preparation such as firstly you need to identify which subjects or tech skills are having the most weightage during placements. Then you need to look out for worthwhile content and resources to accordingly upskill yourself. You also need to practice your skills before actual interviews, guidance from mentors or industry experts, and several other processes. And wait?would not it be great if you can get to cover all these placement preparation strategies & resources in a single place? Yes, you can!!! With the help of the Complete Interview Preparation Course offered by GeeksforGeeks, you can excel in your interview preparation as the course consists of almost everything that you would need to get into your dream job and that too within much affordable price. And yes, if you?re considering it similar to one of those thousands of courses available over the web then you must look into the details of the course, mentioned below, to get all your doubts clear. The GeeksforGeeks Complete Interview Preparation course is a one-stop solution for the students (and for working professionals as well!!) that consists of every single requirement of yours for placement preparation. You?ll be provided with premium lectures, theory, practice tests, assessment tests, and much more that can help you to land up your dream job. The course is extensively designed in such a way that it focuses more on the smart learning process as different subjects hold different weightage during placements. In addition, whether you?re looking for a job in any leading product-based company, service-based company, or even startup venture, this course is here to get you the job you want! Here, you?ll get to learn: Understanding of Programming Languages (C++ & Java) Object-Oriented Programming (OOPs) Concepts Libraries (C++ STL / Java Collection) Data Structures & Algorithms (Basic to Advanced Level) Object-Oriented Analysis and Design Concepts & Case Studies Computer Science subjects like Operating System, Computer Networks, DBMS, etc. Aptitude and Reasoning Resume Building Some of the remarkable features of the Complete Interview Preparation course are listed below: 200+ algorithmic coding problems Track-based learning + Weekly assessment tests Premium Lecture videos by Mr. Sandeep Jain (CEO & Founder, GeeksforGeeks) and other industry experts Subject-wise Theoretical content + Objective Questions designed by subject experts. Lifetime access to the Course + Course Completion Certificate Access to the GeeksforGeeks Jobs portal + Internship Opportunities at GeeksforGeeks FAQ?s about interviews and how to crack them If you want to take the review of the course then you can go through the Testimonials As mentioned above, this is the right time for all the students (especially final year ones!!) to upskill themselves to land up their dream job. Despite wobbling under the pressure of unemployment and rejection by the companies, students need to take a step forward and make them industry-ready by equipping themselves with the required learnings & skillset. And the Complete Interview Preparation course can help you out in this process and can effectively reduce this unwanted gap between engineering and placements!! My Personal Notes arrow_drop_up Save Like Previous 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Next Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Recommended Articles Page : GeeksforGeeks Complete Interview Preparation Course - Get a Job in your Dream Company! 29, Jun 20 Get Your Dream Job With Amazon SDE Test Series 21, Mar 20 Prepare For Your Dream Company With Coding Round Contests Test Series - FREE! 26, Nov 20 GRE 2021 Preparation Test Series - Boost Your Preparation 13, Jul 21 CAT Preparation 2019: A Complete Preparation Package You Require for Cracking CAT 2019 13, Jul 19 Complete Interview Preparation With Doubt Assistance - Get Your Every Question Answered! 06, Apr 21 ELitmus 2021- Score Your Job Opportunities in Best IT Companies 01, Aug 21 Complete Interview Preparation package you must have this Placement Season 27, Jun 19 Complete Interview Preparation With Doubt Assistance - INR 90 Lakh Cashback Pool Offer!! 13, Aug 20 Code Reverse Engineering - How To Reverse Engineer Your Expired Software 09, Jan 20 How to use Docker Default Bridge Networking? 02, Nov 20 Don't Let Your Geographical Location Be A Barrier In Your Success - Live Classes By GeeksforGeeks 19, Nov 19 Switch Your Career to Machine Learning - A Complete Guide 17, Nov 19 Winter Interview Preparation Course - Get Interview-Ready For FREE! 20, Dec 21 Scheduling Cron Job on Google Cloud 27, Dec 20 A Must Do Interview Preparation Course by GeeksforGeeks 15, Dec 18 Special 21 - Coding Interview Preparation in 21 Days Lockdown 31, Mar 20 Learn OS DBMS CN for SDE Interview Preparation - One Course for All Subjects! 15, Feb 21 Preparation Tips for Verbal Ability and Reading Comprehension (VARC) Section in CAT 30, Jul 19 CAT 2019 Preparation Strategy : How to Ace the CAT Exam in 4 Months 19, Jul 19 What are the Daily Habits for Successful CAT Preparation? 25, Jul 19 Preparation Tips for Quantitative Ability (QA) Section in CAT 30, Jul 19 Microsoft SDE Preparation Test Series By GeeksforGeeks 17, Mar 21 CAT 2021 Test Series - Improve Your Speed and Accuracy 23, May 21 Article Contributed By : GeeksforGeeks Vote for difficulty Current difficulty : Easy Easy Normal Medium Hard Expert Improved By : madhur912 Article Tags : GFG-Update Advanced Computer Subject Report Issue Writing code in comment? Please use ide.geeksforgeeks.org, generate link and share the link here. Load Comments What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in Advanced Computer Subject Copying Files to and from Docker Containers Principal Component Analysis with Python Monolithic vs Microservices architecture Mounting a Volume Inside Docker Container ML | Introduction to Data in Machine Learning More related articles in Advanced Computer Subject ML | What is Machine Learning ? Basics of API Testing Using Postman Getting Started with System Design How to create a REST API using Java Spring Boot ML | Types of Learning ? Supervised Learning ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register