terms and conditions | university of windsor skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students university of windsor terms and conditions terms and conditions collection of information university of windsor only obtains specific personal information, such as your name, phone number or email address if you voluntarily complete an online form, submit an email to us with this information or register to use a secure portion of the site. should you choose to provide us with personal information, we will only use that information to respond to your request. all personal information created, held or collected and protected under the confidentiality and protection of privacy policies of the university of windsor. at any point of collection, you will be advised of the authority for such collection, and purpose for which the personal information is being collected, and how to exercise your right of access to, and correction of, that information. visitors' personal information is not usually disclosed to anyone other than university of windsor staff who need the information to carry out their responsibilities. any further disclosure of the personal information you give us would be in accordance with the university of windsor?s confidentiality and protection of privacy policies (see: http://www.uwindsor.ca/registrar/519/notice-disclosure-confidentiality-and-use-personal-information-fippa). note: unless specifically noted otherwise, neither electronic systems nor email are secure information transmission methods. therefore, we recommended that you do not send sensitive personal information electronically. cookies cookies are used to track how our visitors use this site, to determine sites previously visited or to facilitate the use of secure portions of this site. a cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website?s server to monitor your use of that website. most websites you visit will use cookies to improve your user experience by enabling that website to ?remember? you, either for the duration of your visit (using a ?session cookie?) or for repeat visits (using a ?persistent cookie?). university of windsor may use cookies for the following reasons: monitor our site usage and improve the performance of our site; for example, cookies help us remember who you are through your browser settings so that we can offer and provide more personalized content such as your font text size preference. save passwords and/or preferences for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the next time you visit the site. compile user traffic and demographic statistics related to the site (for example, number of users, page views, location you are coming from, average time spent on the site, etc.). this information helps us to better understand when to update, change or offer new navigation or content. types of cookies: session cookies - session cookies are stored only temporarily during a browsing session and are deleted from the user?s computer or device when the browser is closed. no personal information is kept in session cookies and they are stored only in your browser's temporary (cache) memory. when you log out of your session, the cookie is no longer valid and is discarded when you close your browser. persistent cookies - these are more permanent and can be re-read when you return to the website that placed them on your computer. the information in them is written onto your hard drive and saved there for a fixed period (usually a year or two) and is not deleted when the browser is closed. they are used to identify and provide personalized features and for tracking traffic patterns to and from our site. first party cookies - first party cookies are set by the website you are visiting and they can only be read by that site. third party cookies - third party cookies are set by a different organization through the owner of the website you are visiting. the websites you visit may contain content embedded from, for example youtube or flickr, and these sites may set their own cookies. how to disable cookies if you don?t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether through your browser settings. you can also delete cookies that have already been set. by refusing or deleting cookies, you should be aware that you might lose some functions of that website. please refer to the help information in your browser software for information on how to disable or delete cookies from your device. google analytics university of windsor uses google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc., to measure traffic patterns to, from, and within our site. google analytics uses ?first party? cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help analyze how users use the site. google analytics uses "session" and "persistent" cookies to collect standard internet log information and to track visitor behaviour information, in an anonymous form, and compile statistical reports on site activity. the information generated by the cookies about your use of the site (including your ip address) is transmitted to google servers outside canada. no personal, identifying information is recorded or provided to google. as well, google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google. university of windsor uses the statistical reports generated by google analytics to help us make our site more useful to visitors. reports are made available only to web services, public affairs and communications, and other designated staff who require this information to perform their website maintenance and enhancement duties. google analytics is not used to track visitor behaviour on any of our secure sites. for further information about google analytics, please refer to google analytics privacy policy. if you wish, you may opt out of being tracked by google analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies; by disabling javascript within your browser; or by using the google analytics opt-out browser add-on beta available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. google analytics terms of service can be found at http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/tos.html. if you require clarification about university of windsor?s use of google analytics, please create a service request online at www.uwindsor.ca/itshelp. remarketing as part of our comprehensive marketing strategy, university of windsor uses an advertising practice called remarketing, which allows us to follow-up with users who have visited our site before continuing to other areas of the internet. because of remarketing, third-party vendors, including google, show our ads on other sites on the internet, and third-party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user?s prior visits to our website. you may opt out of google?s use of cookies by visiting the google advertising opt-out page. you may also opt out of third party vendors? use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt out page and the digital advertising alliance consumer choice page. content submissions by uploading or submitting any materials to the site through content generation or submission mechanisms, such as but not limited to forms, blogs, wikis, forums, chats, commenting, video uploads and photo submissions, you automatically grant university of windsor the non-exclusive right to use those uploaded materials royalty-free, in perpetuity. such license shall apply with respect to any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. in addition, you warrant that all intellectual property and moral rights in such materials have been waived. university of windsor may publish your content on our site, as well as on other university of windsor materials and publications, for the purposes of promoting the university. university of windsor may moderate your content before it is published, however, university of windsor does not guarantee that your content will be published. university of windsor may edit your content for length, size or clarity. in addition, internet search engines may index your content. you should think carefully about your intent and the consequence of publication of any of your content. you agree that all materials, including information, data, text, software, music, sounds, graphics or video which you publicly post or privately transmit are your sole responsibility as the originator of such content. you agree that you will not upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary right of any party. if you violate any of these guidelines, university of windsor will remove your content and may suspend or block your access to the site. if you are a minor, you must have permission from your parent or guardian to upload any content to the site through content generation or submission mechanisms, such as but not limited to forms, blogs, wikis, forums, chats, commenting, video uploads and photo submissions. university of windsor may request a parent's or guardian's email address from anyone who uploads any materials for verifying with the parent or guardian that he/she has in fact given permission for such uploading. when you participate through content generation or submission mechanisms, you can never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated. university of windsor is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any information and is not responsible for any reliance or decisions made by you or any other person based on such information. monitoring university of windsor has the right to monitor the site electronically from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate a website or any of the services properly, or to protect itself or its users in accordance with the university of windsor?s confidentiality and protection of privacy policies. registration to use certain features of the site, you may be asked to register. you agree (i) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by any registration form; and (ii) to maintain and promptly update the information you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. if university of windsor suspects that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we reserve the right to suspend, block or terminate your access to and use of the site. if you are asked to register with the site, you may need a username and password, which you will receive through the site registration process. you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. you must notify university of windsor immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. university of windsor is not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your password or account information. subscription management we like staying in contact with you by email. however, if you no longer wish to receive our exclusive emails, simply click 'unsubscribe' at the bottom of the last email you receive, or visit the university of windsor e-mail subscription centre to modify your email preferences. indemnification you shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless university of windsor, its board of governors, officers, employees and agents from and against any claim or demand made by any third party, and all liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable legal fees) arising out of or relating to your browsing or use of the site, content that you transmit to the site, or your breach of any of the terms. university of windsor shall control the defence of any matter which is subject to indemnification by you and you shall co-operate as fully as reasonably required by the university of windsor. security any information sent or received over the internet is generally not secure. the university of windsor does not guarantee the security of any communication to or from the site. share tweet save today's events nursing: last day of winter classes for nursing last day of winter classes for nursing final oral defense: andrew hewitt (m.a.sc.) 9:30am final oral defense: umair durrani (ph.d.) 2:00pm advanced interview skills 2:30pm to 3:45pm upcoming events advanced resume and cover letter writing thu, 04/07/2022 - 11:30 final oral defense: cindy ly (m.a.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 final oral defense: mitchell branget (m.f.a.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 final oral defense: arief kartolo (ph.d.) thu, 04/07/2022 - 13:00 masters of management: last day of winter classes for masters of management classes fri, 04/08/2022 more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram