Top 7 Node.js Project Ideas For Beginners - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Node.js-Globals Node.js-HTTP Node.js-HTTP2 Node.js-OS Node.js-Path Node.js-Process Node.js-Query Node.js-Stream Node.js-String Node.js-Timers Node.js-TLS/SSL Node.js-UDP/DataGram Node.js-URL Node.js-Utility Node.js-V8 Node.js-VM Node.js-Zlib Node.js-Assert Node.js-Buffer Node.js-Console Node.js-Crypto Node.js-DNS Node.js-File System Node.js-Examples Node.js-Questions Node.js-Quiz Node.js-Tutorial Web Development Web Technology Related Articles ? Related Articles Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Table of Contents Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Improve Article Save Article Like Article Top 7 Node.js Project Ideas For Beginners Last Updated : 26 Mar, 2022 Web developers mostly focus on how to create an eye-catching UI, but almost everything on which UI (front-end) functionality is dependent is Back-End. Back-End development, also known as server-side development focuses primarily on databases, servers, and APIs through which page is rendered, routes are created, real-time data are handled. And to bring out some awesome back-end projects, developers rely on tools like NodeJS. It is the 6th most popular technology used by programmers according to Stack Overflow. It is an open-source and JavaScript runtime built on Chrome?s V8 JavaScript engine. The basic use of NodeJS is non-blocking, event-driven servers, back-end API services and is designed to build scalable network applications. Why use NodeJS to build backend projects? NodeJS stores data in native JSON format thus making it fast, using the ?Single Threaded Event Loop Model? to handle multiple existing clients. It works on different platforms irrespective of operating systems generally, supports Linux, Windows, macOS, and mobile platforms. It can be used on both the frontend and backend sides of the application which accelerates the development process. NodeJS has real-time communication support and handles a large amount of information very efficiently. You would also love to know that companies like Uber, Yahoo, Netflix, NASA, PayPal, LinkedIn, Twitter, etc. uses NodeJS in their application. Isn?t it amazing? Also, some most popular Full-Stack technologies like MERN (MongoDB, Express.js, React, NodeJS) and MEAN (MongoDB, Express.js, AngularJS, NodeJS) which are also most demanding, uses NodeJS as their server-side implementation. Libraries Created upon on NodeJS: Express.js Nest.js Socket.io Sequelize and many more. In this blog, we will discuss the Top 7 NodeJS Project Ideas for Beginners. So let?s get started. 1. Books Directory If you?re a beginner, start with the books directory, which is the basic project created using NodeJS and Express.js. Build a book directory or an app with having a collection of books where you can create endpoints using 4 basic methods: GET, PUT, POST, and DELETE. Do check whether NodeJS and MongoDB are installed in prior, modules like nodemon to auto-restart NodeJS, server, body-parser to read & display response in JSON form, and other required modules. Keep index.js as the root file from where you can redirect to other sub-components and files. Features of Books Directory: Management of database using POSTMAN. Search bar to search for the required book. Side menu option which lists all the authors, genres, etc. Ensuring whether proper API calls are made and routes are connected. Technologies to use: Nodejs, Express, MongoDB (NoSQL database). 2. Portfolio App This app built using NodeJS focuses on the collection and management of data be it an income portfolio, growth portfolio, or any other. It consists of the server which provides data on request, the database which organizes the information, and the application that channels it. The server should respond with the request made by the client. Here, you can also use CRUD operation to create, read, update and delete entries. It should have a display feature to display the updated data. The user?s profile to manage personal information should also be encrypted. Features of Portfolio App: Manages the data. Data Analysis to produce the appropriate output. Secure the app by deploying physical database security. A Submit button to submit all the details entered by the user. Defining separate routes for each navigation. Technologies to use: HTML, CSS, Responsiveness. 3. Real-Time Chat This chat demonstrates real-time message transferring from one source to another. The process starts with the client sending regular HTTP requests to the server. With the knowledge of web sockets and socket.io, it becomes easy to code. The real-time communication support feature of NodeJS can be used here. Here, the messages get updated without refreshing the page which can be done using routers. Socket.io can be used to build real-time applications which can be used to receive and send messages. The use of mongoose provides a lot of convenience in the creation and management of data in MongoDB. Moment helps you manipulate and format dates in JavaScript. Moreover, this application represents Messenger. Features of this app: Voice and Video chat. Real-time data transfer. Undo, delete, or archive a chat. Login/Logout Technologies to use: Socket.io, Express.js, Mongoose, jQuery, Moment. 4. Job Search App This particular app describes searching for a job that is relevant to their domain or area of interest. Different components can be created underneath index.js which serves as the root file. These components have program code for API calls, posting details of job search, error messages in case of wrong entry. Personal data of users like contact numbers, emails can be protected using Helmet. It is a NodeJS package that contains 11 security modules that you can use to ensure that your JavaScript backend remains robust to avoid data loss and insecure connections. Features of Job Search App: Filter option to get the required job. Handles the user?s data. Profile management. Tools Section like email alerts and notifications. Technologies to use: Helmet, Routers. 5. NLP (Natural Language Processing) This application takes human interaction to a new level. The basic purpose of this application is to convert a voice-based message to a text-based one. For this, you can use Natural Language Process (NLP.js is a general natural language utility for NodeJS) which is a node package used for automatic language identify, entity extraction and supports 40 languages. This project provides a GUI-based service that can be created to analyze log files, using knowledge-based AI and NLP to extract and form intelligence to better support customers and increase sales. Features of NLP: Converts voice to text. Using the REST server, access to the knowledge base can be provided. Builds a knowledge base containing raw and processed data and solutions via a machine learning training model. Structured JSON objects can be parsed to raw log files. Technologies to use: Node: NLP, Express.js, NodeJS. 6. Task Manager A task Manager is an app that manages your day-to-day tasks and helps in a smooth workflow. This application also requires CRUD (create, read, update, delete) operation to be followed. Create a main index.js file to run the application, routers to provide proper routing to other paths, models to store data in the database, a database that collects data, middleware that can be used for authentication, other than this we can have default packages needed to run the application. Node.exe is an executable file that contains everything software developers need to run NodeJS applications. It is well suited for software where you?d maintain a persistent connection from the browser back to the server. Features include: User authentication. Encrypted password of users. File uploading button. Calendar. Task Tracker. Technologies to use Mongoose, Express.js, SendGrid, NodeJS. 7. Email Sender While building this project, you can learn the process of sending and scheduling emails in NodeJS. You can use the Nodemailer plugin which makes sending of email easier and offers different features like adding HTML in an email. Also, those emails which you receive during the user verification process are done using NodeJS. Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) technology can be used to send outgoing emails across networks and used as the most common transport method. It also serves as a relay service to send emails from one server to another. Features of Email Sender: Notifications of delivered and received messages. Send copies to many. Has an address book to store information of different addresses. Has attachment option. Technologies to use Nodemailer plugin, HTML, Express.JS, SMTP. My Personal Notes arrow_drop_up Save Like Previous Walmart CodeHers Coding Challenge Recommended Articles Page : Top 7 Interesting Blockchain Project Ideas for Beginners 06, Feb 21 Top 7 Image Processing Project Ideas For Beginners 04, Dec 21 5 Machine Learning Project Ideas for Beginners 25, Jul 20 5 Deep Learning Project Ideas for Beginners 21, Nov 20 10 Best Web Development Project Ideas For Beginners in 2021 14, Jan 21 5 Amazing React Native Project Ideas for Beginners 11, Mar 21 7 Python Project Ideas for Beginners 07, May 21 10 Best SQL Project Ideas For Beginners 25, Aug 21 10 Data Science Project Ideas for Beginners 17, Aug 21 7 Best React Project Ideas For Beginners in 2022 09, Mar 22 Top 6 Cybersecurity Projects Ideas for Beginners 19, Mar 21 Top 4 Advanced Project Ideas to Enhance Your AI Skills 12, Sep 20 Top 7 Java Project Ideas To Enhance Programming Skills 19, Nov 20 Top 10 Machine Learning Project Ideas That You Can Implement 11, Aug 20 10 Best Angular Projects Ideas For Beginners 12, Aug 21 7 Cool Python Project Ideas for Intermediate Developers 02, Jun 20 10 Best Artificial Intelligence Project Ideas To Kick-Start Your Career 17, Dec 20 Web Development Project Ideas 30, Dec 20 10 Best Cloud Computing Project Ideas 04, Aug 21 7 Project Ideas on Blockchain For Professionals 13, Mar 22 Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills 21, Jan 20 Top 5 JavaScript Projects For Beginners on GFG 03, May 21 Top 10 Front-End Web Development Projects For Beginners 12, Jul 21 Top 7 Open Source Projects For Beginners To Explore 15, Jul 21 Article Contributed By : GeeksforGeeks Vote for difficulty Easy Normal Medium Hard Expert Article Tags : GBlog Node.js Web Technologies Report Issue Writing code in comment? Please use ide.geeksforgeeks.org, generate link and share the link here. Load Comments What's New Full Stack Development with React & Node JS - Live View Details Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details Most popular in GBlog Best Way To Start Learning Core Java ? A Complete Roadmap DSA Sheet by Love Babbar Top Linux Command Line Tips and Tricks Machine Learning Engineer vs Data Scientist - Which is Better? Top 10 Programming Languages to Learn in 2022 Most visited in Node.js Installation of Node.js on Linux How to update Node.js and NPM to next version ? Node.js fs.readFileSync() Method Node.js fs.writeFile() Method Node.js fs.readFile() Method ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register