Microsoft Teams Integration for Stack Overflow for Teams - Stack Overflow Teams Talent Advertising Collectives About Blog Newsletter Podcast Go to stackoverflow.com Overview Why Stack Overflow Pricing Enterprise Resources Built for large organizations Learn more Quickly access knowledge and capture it for reuse within Microsoft Teams Enhance your existing workstreams, resolve blockages faster, and accelerate development time with our Microsoft Teams integration. Install the integration Play video How our integration with Microsoft Teams works Available on Free Basic Business Enterprise Just updated A native Stack Overflow for Teams experience within Microsoft Teams The out-of-the-box Microsoft Teams integration empowers users to access the organization?s collective knowledge to solve blockages without switching between applications or disrupting team members. Stack Overflow for Teams integration with Microsoft Teams is nice because this is mostly where I do my day-to-day work. I don?t have to leave Microsoft Teams to go to another site. Brandon Camerer Senior User Experience Designer, CloudFit Software How it works Minimize context switching by asking the channel bot or using the message extension to search Stack Overflow for Teams. Use the channel tab to access Questions or Articles that can be filtered by tags that are applicable to the channel. Capture knowledge and solutions for reuse from within Microsoft Teams Convert a post within Microsoft Teams to a question within Stack Overflow for Teams using the messaging extension. Stay up-to-date with automated notifications Set up tag-based push notifications to share new questions, answers, and comments directly to Microsoft Team. Resolve blockers faster using knowledge within the personal app Access critical solutions including bookmarks, Questions, and Articles without having to leave the personal app within Microsoft Teams. Why companies use Stack Overflow for Teams alongside Microsoft Teams Help teams work more productively and stay focused Users find what they need to resolve issues faster, without interruptions. Build a personalized and robust knowledge repository Capture knowledge that used to get lost in chat, and get teams talking about it. Stay up-to-date whenever new information is available Never miss a beat with automated notifications for new knowledge and updates. Create an oasis of knowledge within a personal app Get quick access to tailored solutions and content that helps you resolve issues. With the integrations between Microsoft Teams and Stack Overflow [for Teams], I?m excited to have one place that I can see my question within an area that I already do my work today ? Laura MacLeod, Program Manager, Developer Services Division Watch video case study Learn more about our Microsoft Teams integration Download PDF Stack Overflow Questions Jobs Developer Jobs Directory Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram