new recreation complex dubbed the toldo lancer centre | dailynews skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students dailynews dailynews in this section our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews our top stories current issue all stories search dailynews by date search dailynews by topic dailynews archive manage subscription contact dailynews the university of windsor?s new sports and recreation complex will be named the toldo lancer centre. new recreation complex dubbed the toldo lancer centre mar 30th, 2022 the university of windsor will name its new sports and recreation complex the toldo lancer centre, officials announced tuesday outside the complex?s main doors. the centre is being named after the late entrepreneur and philanthropist anthony p. toldo, who supported many local causes, focusing primarily on health services. to continue his legacy of philanthropy, he established the toldo foundation in 1996. after toldo died in 2009, his son anthony g. (tony) toldo took the helm of the foundation. ?making an impact in the areas of health and wellness has been a priority for our family for generations,? said tony toldo. ?we are confident the toldo lancer centre will be a central hub for fitness and recreation activities for the campus and windsor-essex communities.? this is the latest contribution of the toldo foundation to the university of windsor. the foundation?s support helped realize the construction of the anthony p. toldo health education and learning centre, home to the faculty of nursing. the toldo foundation funds scholarships, ground-breaking research, and learning spaces at the university, enhancing experiences and expanding opportunities for students, staff, and faculty. the toldo lancer centre is a ?state-of-the-art, accessible facility featuring a triple gymnasium with seating for 2,000 spectators; an eight-lane, 25-metre pool; a recreational walking and running track; a fitness centre; and multi-purpose rooms. open to all, this community hub will help improve the health of residents in the region. set to open this fall, the $73 million complex will be able to host international, national, and provincial games and championships as well as large-scale events, conferences, and more. ?the toldo lancer centre is a bold and ambitious project with immense potential benefits for our campus communities and for windsor-essex. we are thrilled to be working in partnership to create this important focal point, which will bring communities together and to enhance health and wellness across the region,? said uwindsor president robert gordon. ?we believe this project will truly build our campus, build community, and build champions.? he noted the university has a deep and long-standing relationship with the toldo family. ?we are truly grateful for the leadership, vision, and generosity they have shown,? dr. gordon said. ?their efforts continue to be an inspiration to all of us.? the toldo family has been a leader in industry, philanthropy, and community service in the windsor area for approximately 70 years. in addition to the foundation?s support of medical education at the university of windsor, it has made significant contributions to the hospice of windsor and essex county, the windsor regional cancer centre, and the windsor symphony orchestra. linda rohr, dean of the faculty of human kinetics, expressed her deepest thanks to the toldo family. ?this incredible gift to the university of windsor is creating a legacy that will benefit our students and community for generations to come,? dr. rohr said. ?the toldo family?s generosity is making a positive and remarkable difference to our students, residents, and visitors.? for more information about the toldo lancer centre, visit https://www.uwindsor.ca/lancercentre/. linda rohr robert gordon tony toldo lancer centre share tweet save external job postings feb 23, 2022 - graduate/ financial secretary '8' in the department of electrical & computer engineering jan 14, 2022 - facilities / equipment / events technician classification "iv" in the department of athletics & recreational services internal job postings mar 31, 2022 - work-integrated learning coordinator ? stem classification "vi" in the department of co-operative education & workplace partnerships internal/external job postings mar 30, 2022 - graphic designer "vi" in the department of public affairs & communications it services impending google services retirement mar 24, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 23, from 12 to 3 a.m. feb 18, 2022 apply ios device patch immediately to macs, iphones and ipads feb 11, 2022 network maintenance - service disruption - thur, feb 24 from 6 to 8 a.m. feb 11, 2022 cancelled - planned internet service outage - wed, feb 2 from 12 to 3 a.m. jan 26, 2022 equipment for sale apr 4, 2022 - filing cabinets for sale project notifications assumption hall - installation of sump pump in basement, monday, april 4, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. to thursday, april 7, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, april 5, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. jackman dramatic art centre - water shutdown/replace main feed line valves, friday, april 1, 2022, 8:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. centre for engineering innovation (cei)-phase i power outage/charge lab renovations, tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 7:30 a.m. - 2:30 p.m. chrysler hall tower/university computer centre/essex hall-chemical control centre/energy conversion centre-semi-annual fire suppression inspections, monday, march 28, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. to tuesday, march 29, 2022 at 4:00 p.m. more share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram