Get Hired With GeeksforGeeks and Win Exciting Rewards! - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects Related Articles ? Related Articles Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Table of Contents Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Improve Article Save Article Like Article Get Hired With GeeksforGeeks and Win Exciting Rewards! Difficulty Level : Easy Imagine a situation of visiting a game parlor or adventure park, having ultimate fun there, and coming back home without paying a single penny there and in fact, receiving some exciting rewards or cash benefits from them. Sounds unreal, right??? Okay, let?s make it real at GeeksforGeeks! Most probably, you would?ve heard about ?Get Hired With GeeksforGeeks ? GFG Job Portal?. Those who don?t know let us tell you it is basically concerned with a job portal that helps you to find genuine, well-paying, and worthwhile job opportunities without any hassle or charges. At GFG Job Portal, you can search and explore plenty of job opportunities by applying various enriching filters including job location, salary, work experience, etc. Further on, you can apply for these jobs from anywhere and anytime without any cost. Not only this, but the GFG Job Portal is also helping out the recruiters to find the ideal workforce for their respective organizations, and many leading companies like Amazon, One Plus, Rapido, Milkbasket, Hike, Wiley, etc. have already teamed up and get benefited from the portal. Also, there is the GeeksforGeeks Jobathon, which falls under the GFG Job Portal?s features & initiatives. GeeksforGeeks Jobathon is a 2-hour long hiring challenge for freshers that is conducted by GeeksforGeeks on monthly basis to provide all the individuals with remarkable job opportunities or to connect suitable candidates to leading tech companies. Here, what you need to do is ? first, visit the official page of GeeksforGeeks Jobathon, register yourself for the ongoing contest then go through the job descriptions of all the respective companies and subsequently register for 1 or more companies that you are interested in. The job descriptions of the openings can be visited through the contest page itself. You must remember that your profile will only be considered for a company if you have registered for it. Visit this link to get the detailed information regarding GeeksforGeeks Jobathon. Now, coming back to the point, GeeksforGeeks has planned something more exciting under GFG Job Portal ? basically, Amazon vouchers would be given to all the candidates who got the placement through the Job Portal or Jobathon, after they join the organization. Yes, you heard it right! You?ll get rewarded for getting the desired job using GFG Job Portal. The breakup of the vouchers is as follows: If the candidate got the placement and joined as an intern ? then he would get an INR 1000 Amazon voucher. If the candidate got the placement and he?s fresher ? then he would be getting the voucher for INR 2000. If the candidate is placed and joined as experience range between 6 months to 3 years ? then he would be getting the Amazon voucher of INR 3000. If a candidate is placed in an opening with more than 3 years of experience ? then he would be getting an Amazon voucher of INR 5000 Note: All the above rewards would be only valid when the candidate joins the organization. This initiative is actually being taken by GeeksforGeeks to appreciate the efforts of the candidates and celebrate their success in getting into their targeted job. So, if you?ve got placed in the targeted company using GFG Job Portal then don?t forget to get these amazing rewards and if you?ve still not visited or used the GFG portal, then what are you waiting for ? go and make the most out of the GFG Job Portal! My Personal Notes arrow_drop_up Save Like Previous Types of Writs in Indian Constitution Next C++ Program For Sorting An Array Of 0s, 1s and 2s Recommended Articles Page : Get Hired With GeeksforGeeks - GFG Job Portal 09, Sep 21 7 Best Tips To Get Hired at FAANG Companies 11, Feb 22 10 Possible Reasons You're Not Getting Hired 18, Jan 22 Who Will Win The Quantum Supremacy Debate: Google or IBM? 04, Nov 19 Python vs Java - Who Will Win the Battle in 2020? 17, Jul 20 Get Ahead of Your Peers With GeeksforGeeks's Live Courses 24, Jan 20 Get Placed in Google with Google Test Series By GeeksforGeeks 06, Aug 21 GeeksforGeeks Complete Interview Preparation Course - Get a Job in your Dream Company! 29, Jun 20 How to add articles to ?To Do? and ?Done? lists on GeeksforGeeks? 06, Apr 16 What are the benefits of interning as content writer at GeeksforGeeks? 24, Mar 17 How Content Writing at GeeksforGeeks works? 02, Aug 18 A Must Do Interview Preparation Course by GeeksforGeeks 15, Dec 18 GRE 2021 General Test Series | GeeksforGeeks 11, Mar 19 Geek Week ? Celebrate The Biggest Programming Festival With GeeksforGeeks 10, Oct 19 Learn with GeeksforGeeks Course - Best Courses To Land Job In Your Dream Company 24, Sep 19 System Design - Live Course By GeeksforGeeks 04, Mar 21 Black Friday Sale - Programmers Have Carts, GeeksforGeeks Has Deals! 25, Nov 19 Best Way To Start With Competitive Programming - GeeksforGeeks CP Live Course 13, Nov 19 Don't Let Your Geographical Location Be A Barrier In Your Success - Live Classes By GeeksforGeeks 19, Nov 19 Geeks Coding Challenge [GCC 2019] - A Three Day Coding Challenge By GeeksforGeeks 06, Dec 19 The Technical Scripter Event 2019 By GeeksforGeeks 13, Jan 20 Learn At Your Own Convenience With GeeksforGeeks's Online Courses 21, Feb 20 Coderita - Online Coding Competition For Women By GeeksforGeeks 01, Mar 20 GeeksforGeeks Coderita - Empowering Women To Code 06, Mar 20 Article Contributed By : GeeksforGeeks Vote for difficulty Current difficulty : Easy Easy Normal Medium Hard Expert Improved By : madhur912 Article Tags : GFG-Update GBlog Report Issue Writing code in comment? Please use ide.geeksforgeeks.org, generate link and share the link here. Load Comments What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in GBlog Best Way To Start Learning Core Java ? A Complete Roadmap DSA Sheet by Love Babbar Top Linux Command Line Tips and Tricks Machine Learning Engineer vs Data Scientist - Which is Better? Top 10 Programming Languages to Learn in 2022 More related articles in GBlog 10 Tips For Landing Your Dream Internship 7 Must Have IntelliJ IDEA Plugins For Java Developers Introduction to Hill Climbing | Artificial Intelligence ML | Underfitting and Overfitting Reading a CSV file in Java using OpenCSV ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register