Mathematical Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Category Archives: Mathematical Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value Given an array arr that contains N positive Integers. Find the count of all possible pairs whose bitwise XOR value is greater than bitwise AND? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical Maximize Array sum by subtracting absolute of odd and adding absolute of even elements Given an array arr[] of size N, the task is to maximize the array sum by subtracting the absolute values of all odd and adding? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Count of numbers up to N having only 4 factors or divisors Given an integer N, find the number of natural numbers less than or equal to N and have 4 factors. Example: Input: N = 8Output:? Read More divisors Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Mathematical Count of Array elements in given range with remainder X when divided by K for Q queries Given an array arr[] of size N, an integer K and Q queries, each of form {x, l, r}. For each query, the task is? Read More array-range-queries Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Generate Array such that max is minimized and arr[i] != arr[j] when j is a multiple of i Given an integer N, the task is to generate an array arr[] having N positive integers such that arr[i] ? arr[j] if j is divisible? Read More divisors Geeks-Premier-League-2022 sieve Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Count of integers in range [L, R] not forming any Triangular Pair with number in [1, R] Hard Given integers L and R, the task is to find the number of integers in range [L, R] (say X) which does not form a? Read More GCD-LCM Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Prime Number Geeks Premier League Mathematical Minimize operations to reduce N to 0 by replacing N by its divisor at each step Given a positive integer N. Find the minimum number of operations needed to reduce N to 0 when N can reduced by its divisor at? Read More divisors Geeks-Premier-League-2022 sieve Geeks Premier League Greedy Mathematical Count of factors of combination of N and K (nCk) Given integers N and K, the task is to find the number of factors of NCK. Since the answer can be very large return the? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prime-factor sieve Geeks Premier League Mathematical Find the Array formed by performing Q queries on an empty array Consider an integer sequence S, which is initially empty (i.e. S = {}). Also given are Q queries, each of which is one of the? Read More array-range-queries Binary Search Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Pattern Searching Find 4 points with equal Manhattan distance between any pair Given an integer N, Find 4 points in a 2D plane having integral coordinates, such that the Manhattan distance between any pair of points is? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Mathematical Check if X and Y can be equal in N steps by dividing them with their factors Given positive integers X, Y and N, the task is to check whether X can be made equal to Y in exactly N operations where? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prime-factor Geeks Premier League Mathematical Rearrange Array to minimize difference of sum of squares of odd and even index elements Given an array arr[] of size N (multiple of 8) where the values in the array will be in the range [a, (a+8*N) -1] (a? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Pattern Searching Distance covered after last breakpoint with at most K cost Given an array arr[] of size N, and integers K and D, consisting of breakpoints in journey, the task is to find the distance covered? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Mathematical Generate permutation of [1, N] having bitwise XOR of adjacent differences as 0 Given an integer N, the task is to generate a permutation from 1 to N such that the bitwise XOR of differences between adjacent elements? Read More Bitwise-XOR Geeks-Premier-League-2022 permutation Geeks Premier League Mathematical Pattern Searching Generate Array of distinct elements with GCD as 1 and no Coprime pair Given an integer N, the task is to generate an array of N distinct integers such that the GCD of all the elements of the? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Prime Number Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Page 1 of 49112345...102030...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in Mathematical Program for Fibonacci numbers C++ Data Types Write a program to print all permutations of a given string Set in C++ Standard Template Library (STL) Sieve of Eratosthenes Most Visited in Mathematical Coin Change | DP-7 Prime Numbers Program to find GCD or HCF of two numbers Merge two sorted arrays Modulo Operator (%) in C/C++ with Examples ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register