Help Center - Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Jobs Programming & related technical career opportunities Talent Recruit tech talent & build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide About the company Loading? Log in Sign up current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog New to Stack Overflow? Find out everything you need to get started by taking the tour. If you still have questions, come back and check out the pinned articles. Take the 2-minute tour Home Public Questions Tags Users Collectives Explore Collectives Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Help center Search Welcome to the Stack Overflow Help Center! If you are unable to find the answer you need here, you can also search for or ask a question about Stack Overflow on Meta! Frequently Asked Questions on Meta: How do I ask and answer homework questions? How much research effort is expected of Stack Overflow users? Why did I gain/lose reputation? What can I do when I think my question is not a duplicate? What can I do when getting ?We are no longer accepting questions/answers from this account?? see also FAQ index Find out more about? Asking What types of questions should I avoid asking? What topics can I ask about here? What does it mean if a question is "closed"? Why are some questions marked as duplicate? What if I disagree with the closure of a question? How can I reopen it? ? View more Our model Code of Conduct Expected Behavior How do I find topics I'm interested in? How to not be a spammer How do I search? ? View more Reputation & Moderation Who are the site moderators, and what is their role here? Why is voting important? What is reputation? How do I earn (and lose) it? Moderator Agreement policies Who are the staff, and what is their role here? ? View more Answering How do I write a good answer? What does it mean when an answer is "accepted"? How to reference material written by others Why and how are some answers deleted? Why are answers no longer being accepted from my account? ? View more Badges View a full list of badges you can earn Privileges View a full list of privileges you can earn My Account I accidentally created two accounts; how do I merge them? How do I add or remove login credentials from my account? I lost my password; how do I reset it? How do I delete my account? Why has my post been blocked due to "spam and abuse from my network"? ? View more Review Queues What are review queues? How do I use the Close votes queue? How do I use the Reopen votes queue? How do I use the Low quality posts queue? How do I use the Suggested edits queue? ? View more Collectives on Stack Overflow What is Collectives on Stack Overflow? How do I propose and review new articles? How do I join a Collective? How do you determine which tags are included in a Collective? What are the different types of users in a Collective? ? View more Stack Overflow Questions Jobs Developer Jobs Directory Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Stack Overflow works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings