blackboard learn blackboard learn ? view options change text size high contrast setting available languages: available languages: english (united states?)? english (us_uwin) espa?ol (espa?a?)? fran?ais (france?)? italiano (italia?)? sign in with my uwin id trouble signing in? if the sign-in button above does not work for you, please try the button below. alternate sign-in method (uwbbapp09) test account sign-in please enable javascript in your browser for the blackboard application to function. have an account? please enter your credentials and click the login button below. username password sign in with third-party account login with azure sso login using your uwinid welcome to the blackboard e-education platform?designed to enable educational innovations everywhere by connecting people and technology. system announcements important links for using blackboard (thursday, april 29, 2021) are you looking for some support with using blackboard? here are a few important links to help you: uwindsor's blackboard online self-help for instructors, students, and gatas something not quite right with blackboard? submit a service request ticket your uwinid not logging you in? use the information on the uwinid site to troubleshoot its hotnews for any critical updates from its systems and services uwindsor's blackboard project site blackboard regular maintenance periods (friday, august 9, 2019) blackboard will be unavailable each morning, monday through friday, from 5:00 to 6:00 am for system maintenance. we apologize for any interruption of service during this time. copyright help (saturday, march 28, 2015) blackboard and copyright the university of windsor promotes best practices regarding the use of copyrighted materials, including compliance with all applicable legislation. members of the university community must become aware of how the copyright act impacts their activities on campus, including their use of blackboard, and ensure compliance with this law. we have added a "copyright help" link to blackboard's navigation menu, on the left-hand side of the screen. please take time to visit this link and to learn more about copyright law and the options available for the use of copyrighted works in blackboard. fair dealing: copying guidelines for faculty & staff ? 1997-2022 blackboard inc. all rights reserved. u.s. patent no. 7,493,396 and 7,558,853. additional patents pending. accessibility information