Tree Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Category Archives: Tree Find all duplicate levels of given Binary Tree Given the root of a binary tree in which all nodes has values 0 or 1, the task is to find and print all levels? Read More Binary Tree Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-level-order Geeks Premier League Tree Count of possible remainders for K in given ranges for Q queries Expert Given an array arr[ ] which contains N positive integers and an integer K and a vector of queries Q . Two types of queries? Read More array-range-queries Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Segment-Tree Arrays Geeks Premier League Tree Find edge to be deleted from Tree to maximise product of XOR of components Given a tree of having N nodes rooted at node 0, and an array val[] denoting the value at each node, the task is to? Read More Bitwise-XOR DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Tree Check if XOR of each connected component becomes equal after removing atmost P edges Expert Given, a Tree with N nodes, and an integer P, the task is to remove at edges in range [1, P) and find the XOR? Read More connected-components Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Tree Check if level-wise Decimal equivalent of Binary Tree forms a Monotonic sequence or not Given the root of a binary tree in which all nodes has values either 0 or 1, the task is to check if the level-wise? Read More Binary Tree binary-representation Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-level-order Geeks Premier League Pattern Searching Tree Zig-Zag level order traversal of Binary Tree after every K levels Medium Given a binary tree and an integer K, the task is to print the level order traversal in such a way that first K levels? Read More Binary Tree Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-level-order Geeks Premier League Tree Maximum product of any path in given Binary Tree Given a binary tree of N nodes, the task is to find the maximum product of the elements of any path in the binary tree. ? Read More DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Tree Maximize number of edges added to convert given Tree into a Bipartite Graph Medium Given a tree of N nodes, the task is to find the maximum number of edges that can be added to the tree such that? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-traversal Geeks Premier League Graph Tree Minimize deletion of edges to convert Tree into a forest of size at most N/2 Hard Given a tree with N nodes, numbered from 0 to N ? 1, the task is to find the minimum number of deletion of edges,? Read More DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Tree Check if given Trees can be made mirror images of each other in K swaps Medium Given two binary tree with same structure but may have different arrangement of value and given an integer K. The task is to check that? Read More Binary Tree Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Mirror Tree Geeks Premier League Tree Minimize supply of Corona Vaccines for N houses if a vaccine is sufficient for immediate neighbours Hard Geek has developed an effective vaccine for the Coronavirus and he wants each of the N houses in Geek Land to have access to it.? Read More Binary Tree Dynamic Programming Tree Check if two Binary trees are identical after exactly K changes Medium Given two binary trees T1 and T2 and integer K, the task is to check whether both trees are identical or not after making exactly? Read More Binary Tree Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Inorder Traversal Geeks Premier League Stack Tree Check if a Binary tree is Subtree of another Binary tree | Set 3 Hard Given two binary trees, check if the first tree is a subtree of the second one. A subtree of a tree T is a tree? Read More Binary Tree Tree Count frequency of K in given Binary Tree Easy Given a binary tree of N nodes. Count the frequency of an integer K in the binary tree. Examples: Input: N = 7, K =? Read More Binary Tree frequency-counting Inorder Traversal Searching Tree Find the level with maximum setbit count in given Binary Tree Medium Given a binary tree having N nodes, the task is to find the level having the maximum number of setbits. Note: If two levels have? Read More Binary Tree Geeks-Premier-League-2022 setBitCount tree-level-order Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Mathematical Searching Tree Page 1 of 8112345...102030...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in Tree Tree Traversals (Inorder, Preorder and Postorder) Binary Tree | Set 1 (Introduction) Level Order Binary Tree Traversal AVL Tree | Set 1 (Insertion) Inorder Tree Traversal without Recursion Most Visited in Tree Write a Program to Find the Maximum Depth or Height of a Tree Binary Tree | Set 3 (Types of Binary Tree) Binary Tree | Set 2 (Properties) A program to check if a binary tree is BST or not Decision Tree ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register