geeksforgeeks | a computer science portal for geeks skip to content tutorials practice ds & algo. must do questions dsa topic-wise dsa company-wise algorithms analysis of algorithms asymptotic analysis worst, average and best cases asymptotic notations little o and little omega notations lower and upper bound theory analysis of loops solving recurrences amortized analysis what does 'space complexity' mean ? pseudo-polynomial algorithms polynomial time approximation scheme a time complexity question searching algorithms sorting algorithms graph algorithms pattern searching geometric algorithms mathematical bitwise algorithms randomized algorithms greedy algorithms dynamic programming divide and conquer backtracking branch and bound all algorithms data structures arrays linked list stack queue binary tree binary search tree heap hashing graph advanced data structure matrix strings all data structures interview corner company preparation top topics practice company questions interview experiences experienced interviews internship interviews competititve programming design patterns system design tutorial multiple choice quizzes languages c c++ java python c# javascript jquery sql php scala perl go language html css kotlin cs subjects mathematics operating system dbms computer networks computer organization and architecture theory of computation compiler design digital logic software engineering gate gate computer science notes last minute notes gate cs solved papers gate cs original papers and official keys gate 2021 dates gate cs 2021 syllabus important topics for gate cs web technologies html css javascript angularjs reactjs nodejs bootstrap jquery php software designs software design patterns system design tutorial school learning school programming mathematics number system algebra trigonometry statistics probability geometry mensuration calculus maths notes (class 8-12) class 8 notes class 9 notes class 10 notes class 11 notes class 12 notes ncert solutions class 8 maths solution class 9 maths solution class 10 maths solution class 11 maths solution class 12 maths solution rd sharma solutions class 8 maths solution class 9 maths solution class 10 maths solution class 11 maths solution class 12 maths solution physics notes (class 8-11) class 8 notes class 9 notes class 10 notes class 11 notes cs exams/psus isro isro cs original papers and official keys isro cs solved papers isro cs syllabus for scientist/engineer exam ugc net ugc net cs notes paper ii ugc net cs notes paper iii ugc net cs solved papers student campus ambassador program school ambassador program project geek of the month campus geek of the month placement course competititve programming testimonials geek on the top careers internship jobs apply for jobs post a job job-a-thon gsc 2022 courses write come write articles for us and get featured practice learn and code with the best industry experts premium get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! jobs come and find your dream job with us geeks digest quizzes geeks campus gblog articles ide campus mantri home saved videos courses gblog puzzles what's new ? change language data structures algorithms interview preparation topic-wise practice c++ java python competitive programming machine learning web development sde sheet puzzles gfg school projects ? gblog geeks summer carnival 2022 ? your best investment of the year ?buy the dip?? ?invest in xyz mutual fund? ? ?invest in nfts?? and many more investment advice you must be getting on a regular basis? read more 8 devops best practices that you must know developing software is a very tedious process. in a traditional company setup, the software development process is undertaken by two main teams i.e. the development? read more devops gblog top programming languages for ios app development today, mobile has become an essential part of our lives and businesses. if you?ll dig deeper, a report suggested that 56% of people go online? read more gblog programming language videos explore 14:28 equilibrium point | sde sheet | arrays 06/04/2022 32:57 face detection using python and opencv with webcam 06/04/2022 9:06 leaders in an array | sde sheet | arrays 05/04/2022 13:42 ml | treating missing values - implementation in python 05/04/2022 6:04 cpp program to print floyd's triangle using for loop 04/04/2022 14:38 von neumann architecture | computer architecture 02/04/2022 235:42 login and signup page in android using flutter 01/04/2022 28:43 how to prepare for accenture placement drive 31/03/2022 81:03 air quality index prediction in machine learning using python 30/03/2022 28:37 android fingerprint authentication | lock application 29/03/2022 html cheat sheet ? a basic guide to html what is html ? html(hypertext markup language) is the most basic building block of all web pages. it provides structure to the content appearing on? read more gfg sheets html web technologies hexaware technologies interview experience hexaware technologies was recruiting through their get selection process. i applied through the superset portal. in this hiring process, there were 3 rounds specified below:? read more hexaware technologies interview experiences count of matching set and unset bits in given integers. two integers x and y are the task is to find the number of bits that are same in their binary representation by not considering? read more setbitcount bit magic greedy count of distinct alternating triplets of indices from given array given a binary array arr[] of size n, the task is to find the count of distinct alternating triplets. note: a triplet is alternating if? read more arrays dynamic programming for all array elements find product of sum of all smaller and sum of all greater elements easy given an array arr[] of integers of length n, the task is to find the product of the sum of all the numbers larger than? read more arrays greedy count primes less than number formed by replacing digits of array sum with prime count till the digit given an array arr[] of size n having only positive elements, the task is to find the number of primes less than the number formed? read more prime number arrays mathematical minimize sum of array formed using given relation between adjacent elements given a binary string s of length n, consisting of 0?s and 1?s, the task is to find the minimum sum of the array of? read more binary-string arrays greedy strings quick links events at geeksforgeeks courses at geeksforgeeks write an article java tutorial python tutorial data structures tutorial coding practice difference between full and complete binary tree a binary tree is a type of data structure where each node can only have two offspring at most named as ?left? and ?right? child.? read more binary tree complete binary tree picked tree find the sum of product of power and lcm for n operations medium given an integer n, the task is to find the value after performing the following n operation when i is 1 initially: find the value? read more gcd-lcm mathematical check if two given strings are isomorphic to each other | set 2 (using stl) easy given two strings str1 and str2, the task is to check if the two strings are isomorphic to each other. two strings str1 and str2? read more cpp-map greedy hash strings find gcd of all array numbers for which its value is equal to its frequency given an array arr[] of integers n, the task is to find the gcd of all numbers for which it?s value is equal to its? read more frequency-counting gcd-lcm arrays greedy hash dell emc r&d center interview experience for software engineer (off-campus) hard round 1:phone screening with the hiring manager. round 2 (technical interview): basic knowledge of check-in programming, operating system, oops concept, and data structures. conceptual questions: ? read more dell off-campus interview experiences find x and y from their sum, difference, product, division and remainder given arr[] of 5 integers denoting the values of x+y, x?y, x*y, x%y and ?x/y? in sorted order for two non-zero integers x and y,? read more backtracking mathematical pre order, post order and in order traversal of a binary tree in one traversal | (using recursion) medium given a binary tree, the task is to print all the nodes of the binary tree in pre-order, post-order, and in-order in one iteration. examples:? read more binary tree tree traversals recursion tree remove longest prefix of the string which has duplicate substring given a string s of length n, the task is to remove the longest prefix of the string which has at least one duplicate substring? read more prefix string duplicates substring greedy strings page 1 of 7,82412345...102030...?last ? what's new geeks summer carnival 2022 view details data structures & algorithms- self paced course view details complete interview preparation view details quick links events at geeksforgeeks courses at geeksforgeeks write an article java tutorial python tutorial data structures tutorial coding practice featured articles view all sde sheet ? a complete guide for sde preparation february 21, 2022 get hired with geeksforgeeks and win exciting rewards! october 30, 2021 master the coding interview ? contest series based on real interviews october 5, 2021 recently asked interview questions in product based companies may 11, 2021 bridge the gap between engineering and your dream job ? complete interview preparation may 1, 2021 recommended guest blogs must do coding questions company-wise practice for cracking any coding interview placements complete interview preparation with doubt assistance gate computer science notes machine learning django tutorial computer science projects amazon sde test series company interview corner the c++ standard template library (stl) software design patterns sql tutorial advanced data structures ? 5th floor, a-118, sector-136, noida, uttar pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org company about us careers in media contact us privacy policy copyright policy learn algorithms data structures sde cheat sheet machine learning cs subjects video tutorials news top news technology work & career business finance lifestyle languages python java cpp golang c# sql web development web tutorials django tutorial html css javascript bootstrap contribute write an article improve an article pick topics to write write interview experience internships video internship @geeksforgeeks , some rights reserved we use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. by using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our cookie policy & privacy policy got it ! start your coding journey now! login register