Minimize distractions and improve time to code | ROI calculator Minimize distractions and improve time to code You can save time and money with Stack Overflow for Teams The C-suite spends a lot of time thinking about attracting, retaining, and growing talent. According to a Gartner poll of CEOs, it?s the second highest area of financial/resource investment within their organization. In order for employees to progress in their careers, they need to be able to offload redundant questions and tasks to focus on producing high quality work and growing their expertise. Repetitive tasks disrupt workflows, reduce ability to create impact, and decrease the feeling of productivity and growth. In this calculator we consider the cost of hiring, onboarding, and training, as well as the impact to productivity across an organization. Subject Matter Experts are most impacted when new hires are onboarded due to interruptions from questions and requested help. The below calculations capture both the time saved when onboarding new employees and the time your Subject Matter Experts can take back by using Stack Overflow for Teams. Onboarding time Development gains Estimated reduction in onboarding time per new hire 0.9 weeks Total hours recovered by employees who support a new hire 288 hours Typical time it takes to get a new employee up to speed (number of weeks) Number of employees who support onboarding new hires Estimated hours per week employees are supporting new hires Estimated reduction in time to onboard % Development time gained per week for each Subject Matter Expert 22.67 hours Increase in development time for Subject Matter Experts 28.33% Average time it takes to answer a question (minutes) Average number of questions from new hires per day Estimated reduction in number of questions asked with a knowledge sharing platform % Email me the copy of ROI Calculator Enter your information for your customized ROI data to share with your colleagues. ROI calculators are estimated based on industry statistics and The Total Economic Impact of Stack Overflow for Teams, a Forrester Total Economic Impact Study. The general accuracy of the estimate generated from the calculator will depend on how closely the inputs match your actual circumstances. The actual economic results realized as a result of a purchase Stack Overflow for Teams will vary and there is no guarantee that you will actually realize the economic results forecast by the calculator. Any estimate generated by the tool is not a promise of or contract for a given level of ROI or productivity gains. Stack OverflowQuestions Jobs Developer Jobs Directory ProductsTeams Advertising Collectives Talent CompanyAbout Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Contact Us ChannelsPodcast Newsletter Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram