Bit Magic Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Category Archives: Bit Magic Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value | Set 2 Given an array arr that contains N positive Integers. Find the count of all possible pairs whose bit wise XOR value is greater than bit? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR Arrays Bit Magic Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value Given an array arr that contains N positive Integers. Find the count of all possible pairs whose bitwise XOR value is greater than bitwise AND? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical Find edge to be deleted from Tree to maximise product of XOR of components Given a tree of having N nodes rooted at node 0, and an array val[] denoting the value at each node, the task is to? Read More Bitwise-XOR DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Tree Find triplet A, B, C having bitwise AND of bitwise OR with each other as K Given an integer K, the task is to find three distinct integers A, B and C such that ( A ? B ) & (? Read More Bitwise-AND Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Minimize replacements of Array elements to make bitwise AND greater than K Given an array A[] of N integers and an integer K, the task is to find the minimum number of replacements of array elements required? Read More Bitwise-AND Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Find X in range [1, N] of bit size A[i] such that X^2?s bit size is not present in Array Given an array A of N integers, where: Each element of array represents the bit size of an imaginary unsigned integer datatype. If ith imaginary? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Greedy Sorting Generate pairs in range [0, N-1] with sum of bitwise AND of all pairs K Given an integer N (which is always a power of 2) denoting the length of an array which contains integers in range [0, N-1] exactly? Read More Hash Bit Magic Pattern Searching Minimum steps to make X equal to Y by performing increment or bitwise OR operation Hard Given two integers X and Y, the task is to find the minimum number of operations required to make X equal to Y by performing? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Mathematical Minimum bitwise OR after removing at most K elements from given Array Given an array A[] of length N, the task is to find the minimum possible value of bitwise OR of the elements after removing at? Read More frequency-counting Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Count of Subsets that can be partitioned into two non empty sets with equal Sum Given an array Arr[] of size N, the task is to find the count of subsets of Arr[] that can be partitioned into two non-empty? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 meet-in-the-middle subset Arrays Backtracking Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Count of sum of ?10? subsequences for each 1 in string with A 1s, B 10s and C 0s Given an A ?1?s, B ?10?s, and C ?0?s, the task is to count of sum of ?10? subsequences for each 1s in the string? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 subsequence Bit Magic Combinatorial Geeks Premier League Strings Rearrange Linked List to make XOR of nodes at same distance from start and end same Given a linked list containing N nodes of binary numbers, the task is to check whether it is possible to rearrange the linked list in? Read More Bitwise-XOR Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Greedy Linked List Maximise length of smallest group by dividing Binary String into K groups of same bit Given a binary string S of length N. Distribute 0s and 1s of the string into K groups such that: Each group consists atleast a? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Greedy Find largest index till which Bitwise AND of elements is at least X for Q queries Hard Given array of integers arr[] and queries[] of size N and Q, the task is to find the largest index for each query Q[i] such? Read More array-range-queries Bitwise-AND Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Rearrange given Array such that all set bit positions have higher value than others Given an array B1[] and a binary array B2[] each of size N, the task is to rearrange array B1[] in a way such that? Read More array-rearrange Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical Page 1 of 7212345...102030...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in Bit Magic Bitwise Operators in C/C++ Left Shift and Right Shift Operators in C/C++ Count set bits in an integer Travelling Salesman Problem | Set 1 (Naive and Dynamic Programming) How to swap two numbers without using a temporary variable? Most Visited in Bit Magic Program to find whether a given number is power of 2 Little and Big Endian Mystery Binary representation of a given number Cyclic Redundancy Check and Modulo-2 Division Find most significant set bit of a number ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register