University of Windsor Testing Centre | Office of the Registrar Skip to main content Coming to campus? Visit this page for important information. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Return to Campus Roadmap for Fall Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research COVID-19 Research and Innovation Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of the Registrar Office of the Registrar In this section Home COVID-19 Updates Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Maintaining Conditional Offer of Admission Change of Program/Major Apply as a Returning Student Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation Home COVID-19 Updates Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Maintaining Conditional Offer of Admission Change of Program/Major Apply as a Returning Student Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation UWindsor Home Office of the Registrar University of Windsor Testing Centre University of Windsor Testing Centre Mission Statement The University of Windsor Testing Centre supports the educational mission of the University by providing reliable testing administration and high quality customer service to our end users. In preserving the integrity of the exam process, the Centre provides a secure, pleasant, and quiet testing environment staffed by professionals. The room is equipped with technology that can meet online requirements for testing purposes. This service is to accommodate examination sessions for distance education students from other universities as well as non-academic institutions. The Centre also facilitates a large number of tests and examinations for individuals seeking additional qualifications or admission to certain professional schools. A member of the National College Testing Association (NCTA), the University of Windsor Testing Centre adheres to the NCTA?s Professional Standards and Guidelines for post-secondary test centres. Patrons Located in Windsor, Ontario Canada, the University of Windsor is highly involved with invigilating students from many institutions and academic associations. Of these, certification and accreditation programs rely on the Centre?s assistance to administer a reliable proctoring service for their students and professionals. List of institutions being proctored: Canadian, U.S. and International Universities and Colleges (too many to list) Prometric ? Toefl, GRE, PRAXIS MELAB (written test only) Yardstick Comira Kryterion, Castle Worldwide PSI ? AMP MAT ? Miller?s Analogy Test OCP (Ontario College of Pharmacists) Insurance Institute of Canada Canadian Payroll CWB Cinde TICO The Institute We are constantly adding new patrons so if you do not see it listed please contact us. You can book your examinations via email at flexible@uwindsor.ca or call us at 519-253-3000 ext. 3324 or ext. 3386. NOTE: accepted method of payment is cash or debit. The University of Windsor Testing Centre is located in the Office of the Registrar in Chrysler Hall North. We make every effort to place candidates in one location. However, space considerations may require placing some candidates and groups at alternate locations. Please Note: The University of Windsor Testing Centre facilitates written and online examinations in the same room. A private room is only available as a special request and at additional cost on a first-come-first-served basis. Services For over a decade, the University of Windsor Testing Centre has maintained a reputable external invigilation service, the result of excellent service provided to students, institutions and academic associations. The University of Windsor Testing Centre?s service and expertise includes strict compliance to proctoring guidelines, such as, - maintaining test security and confidentiality at all times - storing paper examinations in a secure/locked location - conducting online and web-based examinations, including downloads or installation from the host institution?s servers (plug-ins, lock-down browser, etc.) - managing emergency situations i.e., power outage, illness, institutions issuing wrong test materials, etc. The Testing Centre strives to preserve its established harmonious relationships with its test takers. It continues its excellent rapport with external institutions? staff members, and effectively responds to the needs and requirements for invigilating their tests and examinations. Hours of Operation Open Monday to Friday, 8:30 a.m. ? 4:30 p.m. Closed Sunday & Holidays Note: The Centre will open on Saturdays and evenings for special requests and upon availability. Support/Help By e-mail: flexible@uwindsor.ca By Telephone: 519-253-3000 ext. 3324 or 3386 share tweet save UPCOMING EVENTS Registration for MSW Working Professional Opens in UWinsite Student for Inter-Session / Summer 2022 Fri, 04/01/2022 NURSING: Last Day to Voluntarily Withdraw through regular drop method for Winter 2022 courses (Nursing courses) Mon, 04/04/2022 Validation Opens (Shopping Cart) in UWinsite Student for Inter-Session / Summer 2022 for remaining students (MSW Working Professional continue to register) Mon, 04/04/2022 NURSING: Last Day of Winter Classes for Nursing Wed, 04/06/2022 Masters of Management: Last Day of Winter Classes for Masters of Management classes Fri, 04/08/2022 View Event Calendar share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram