Database Administrators Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 179 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading? 0 +0 Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us Log in Sign up current community Database Administrators help chat Database Administrators Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Database Administrators Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for database professionals who wish to improve their database skills and learn from others in the community. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Sponsored by Home Public Questions Tags Users Unanswered Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Explore our Questions Ask Question sql-servermysqlpostgresqloracleperformancedatabase-designsql-server-2012sql-server-2008sql-server-2008-r2replication more tags Active 2 Bountied Hot Week Month 0votes 0answers 2views PostgreSQL Arry Update Using PHP postgresql php array Ron Piggott 111 asked 15 mins ago 0votes 1answer 247views Automatic MYSQL failover mysql replication clustering high-availability failover CommunityBot 1 modified 54 mins ago 1vote 2answers 16views Writing a query that will quit if there's a lock on a target row postgresql query-performance update locking Erwin Brandstetter 148k modified 1 hour ago 4votes 1answer 116views Merge Replication: Updates to Schema sql-server merge-replication CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 0votes 0answers 5views is it possible to compatible the store procedure in different type of database stored-procedures Dolphin 445 asked 2 hours ago 0votes 1answer 99views Barman Postgres 14 recovery postgresql docker barman CommunityBot 1 modified 2 hours ago 1vote 1answer 3kviews How DISCARD the tablespace on mariadb while table is not found? mariadb mariadb-10.3 CommunityBot 1 modified 4 hours ago 0votes 1answer 29views Normalize to 1NF and 2NF, also 3NF(if possible) database-design normalization Mo... 111 answered 4 hours ago 0votes 1answer 197views Solutions to RLS (Row Level Security) in PostgreSQL for Desktop Application? postgresql database-design row-level-security CommunityBot 1 modified 4 hours ago 0votes 1answer 173views Extract SDO_GEOMETRY line vertices into a nested table column (in a query resultset) oracle trigger plsql spatial geometry User1973 125 modified 5 hours ago 0votes 0answers 10views How do you manage your data retention Table cleanup routine sql-server-2017 user1910240 333 asked 5 hours ago 1vote 1answer 8kviews how to drop oracle 12c instance on linux oracle oracle-12c CommunityBot 1 modified 5 hours ago 0votes 1answer 145views Figuring out if SQL Server database needs to be defragmented sql-server sql-server-2014 CommunityBot 1 modified 6 hours ago 2votes 1answer 181views Correct way to write this query? mysql CommunityBot 1 modified 7 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions How does the VIC-II/CPU memory access work on the C64? Difference between ??? and ???? can we say "he is lying sideways on the bed"? Expectation of a Sum What observable traits set the MilkyWay apart from other Galaxies? Which D&D deity's religious practices and beliefs are the most comprehensively detailed in official published material? What time of day was the White House burned in August of 1814? Looking for some interesting complex integration contours Do I need copyright permission to rewrite an old classic? Does macOS delete files in /tmp periodically? A particular solution for the wave equation in 1+1D What is this lightbulb and how do I change it? In I2C communication, slave not able to pull down properly during 9th clock pulse (not giving proper ack) Stargate Universe blunder: whey do they keep talking about Naquadria when it should be Naquada...? What's the differences? (command substitutions) Name of the tale in which a traveler inherits a boatman's curse after accepting to relay him What is the name of the effect that causes a plane in a dive to go up? What's a word meaning to use one?s hands and feet equally? How similar are Ukrainian and Russian? What is the use of expected value in machine learning models? Geometry Nodes how to transform extrude based on top and side? European rail pass for the old Zero result from positive integral Is there a proof assistant supporting double negation modality? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Database Administrators Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow For Teams Advertise With Us Hire a Developer Developer Jobs About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Database Administrators Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings