Academic Transcripts | Office of the Registrar Skip to main content Coming to campus? Visit this page for important information. University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Return to Campus Roadmap for Fall Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research COVID-19 Research and Innovation Guidance Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Office of the Registrar Office of the Registrar In this section Home COVID-19 Updates Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Maintaining Conditional Offer of Admission Change of Program/Major Apply as a Returning Student Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation Home COVID-19 Updates Academic Calendars Timetable Information UWinsite Student Transfer Students Fee Estimator Where do I pay? Testing Centre Maintaining Conditional Offer of Admission Change of Program/Major Apply as a Returning Student Change of Name Degree Verification Examinations Forms and Applications for Students Forms for Faculty/Staff Notice of Disclosure Registration Information Request a Transcript Service Fees Grade Processing Contact Us Graduation and Convocation UWindsor Home Office of the Registrar Academic Transcripts Academic Transcripts UWinsite Student. To sign into UWinsite Student, you will need your UWin ID and password. If you need assistance with either, please use the resources available on the Manage UWin Account page. Unofficial Transcripts You can generate your unofficial transcript through UWinsite Student so long as you are in good standing financially with the University of Windsor. Unofficial transcripts are free of charge and bear the notation Unofficial Transcript. These transcripts can be used for your personal records. For assistance generating an unofficial transcript, please see this ask.uwindsor article. Official Transcripts You can order your official transcript through UWinsite Student so long as you are in good standing financially with the University of Windsor. If you have an outstanding balance, the University will not process your transcript requests until the balance is paid. An official transcript bears the official seal of the University of Windsor and is usually sent directly from the University of Windsor to another institution or official of an organization. If an official transcript is issued to a student, it will be in a sealed envelope stamped "Transcript was Issued to Student in Sealed Envelope." It must be received thus to be considered official. Nursing Students: If a transcript is required as part of the Nursing Visa Screen application process, please review instructions prior to ordering your transcript. PLEASE NOTE: Official Transcripts will not be sent to student electronically. If you select to have a transcript sent to you electronically, it will be stamped Unofficial. For Official Transcript costs, please see Registrarial Fees. The Office of the Registrar will print transcripts in English only. For assistance ordering an official transcript, please see this ask.uwindsor article. Any questions regarding previously purchased transcripts can be sent to Transcripts@uwindsor.ca. Hold Information Release Periods Fall Finals - 3rd week in January Winter Finals - Last week of May Intersession Finals - 3rd week in July Summer Finals - 1st week in September Degree - 1 week after Spring or Fall Convocation Mail or Courier? UWinsite Student official transcript requests are processed overnight. Every attempt is made to send out the transcripts by regular mail the next business day. During periods of high volume in the Office of the Registrar it may take up to seven business days to mail the transcripts. If you wish to have a transcript sent by courier, an additional courier charge is applied in UWinsite Student when ordering your official transcript. For current Courier charges, please see Registrarial Fees. Fax To request to have a transcript faxed, when ordering the transcript using UWinsite Student, enter the fax number on the 1st address line. An additional fee for faxing will be charged to your student account. Please consult the Registrarial Service Fees web page for transcript fax (email) fee. Payment When ordering transcripts using UWinsite Student, costs for transcripts and applicable courier fees can be: Paid online through UWinsite Student by Interac or credit card Charged to your Student Account if you are a current student. You can confirm and arrange payment of charges to your Student Account by logging into UWinsite Student and clicking the "Financial Account" tile. Payment may be made the following ways: Web Banking Debit - in person at Cashier's Office eCommerce (Credit card only) Cheque or Money Order - made payable to the University of Windsor, be sure to write your student ID# on the cheque or money order, send to: University of Windsor Cashier's Office 401 Sunset Ave. Windsor, ON N9B 3P4 Want to confirm your transcript request has been processed? Log into UWinsite Student and click Academic Records > Request Official Transcript. Then click the "View All Requests" tab found in the Request Official Transcript page. Transcript Legend Please follow this link to view the Transcript Legend (Grading Key). share tweet save UPCOMING EVENTS Registration for MSW Working Professional Opens in UWinsite Student for Inter-Session / Summer 2022 Fri, 04/01/2022 NURSING: Last Day to Voluntarily Withdraw through regular drop method for Winter 2022 courses (Nursing courses) Mon, 04/04/2022 Validation Opens (Shopping Cart) in UWinsite Student for Inter-Session / Summer 2022 for remaining students (MSW Working Professional continue to register) Mon, 04/04/2022 NURSING: Last Day of Winter Classes for Nursing Wed, 04/06/2022 Masters of Management: Last Day of Winter Classes for Masters of Management classes Fri, 04/08/2022 View Event Calendar share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram