CBSE Notes for Class 10 Physics - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects Related Articles ? Related Articles GeeksforGeeks School Mean, Median and Mode of Grouped Data Section formula ? Internal and External Division | Coordinate Geometry Algebra Concave and Convex Mirrors - Ray Diagrams, Image Formation, Applications What are Web Services? Statistics Sign Convention for Spherical Mirrors Types of Internet Protocols Calculus CBSE Class 10 Maths Notes Internet and its Services Step deviation Method for Finding the Mean with Examples Theorem - The tangent at any point of a circle is perpendicular to the radius through the point of contact - Circles | Class 10 Maths Refraction of Light through Glass Slab Euclid's Division Algorithm - Real Numbers | Class 10 Maths Probability in Maths Trigonometry Electric Potential and Potential Difference Area of a Triangle - Coordinate Geometry | Class 10 Maths Geometry NCERT Solutions for Class 10 Maths Variables in Scratch Programming How to Embed Audio and Video in HTML? Arithmetic Progression - Common difference and Nth term | Class 10 Maths Roots of Quadratic Equations Class 10 RD Sharma Solutions- Chapter 2 Polynomials - Exercise 2.1 | Set 2 Cumulative frequency curve Introduction to Arithmetic Progressions | Class 10 Maths File Transfer Protocol (FTP) Table of Contents GeeksforGeeks School Mean, Median and Mode of Grouped Data Section formula ? Internal and External Division | Coordinate Geometry Algebra Concave and Convex Mirrors - Ray Diagrams, Image Formation, Applications What are Web Services? Statistics Sign Convention for Spherical Mirrors Types of Internet Protocols Calculus CBSE Class 10 Maths Notes Internet and its Services Step deviation Method for Finding the Mean with Examples Theorem - The tangent at any point of a circle is perpendicular to the radius through the point of contact - Circles | Class 10 Maths Refraction of Light through Glass Slab Euclid's Division Algorithm - Real Numbers | Class 10 Maths Probability in Maths Trigonometry Electric Potential and Potential Difference Area of a Triangle - Coordinate Geometry | Class 10 Maths Geometry NCERT Solutions for Class 10 Maths Variables in Scratch Programming How to Embed Audio and Video in HTML? Arithmetic Progression - Common difference and Nth term | Class 10 Maths Roots of Quadratic Equations Class 10 RD Sharma Solutions- Chapter 2 Polynomials - Exercise 2.1 | Set 2 Cumulative frequency curve Introduction to Arithmetic Progressions | Class 10 Maths File Transfer Protocol (FTP) Improve Article Save Article Like Article CBSE Notes for Class 10 Physics Difficulty Level : Medium Last Updated : 11 Nov, 2021 Physics is an important subject to score good marks in Class 10 as well as to gain knowledge. So, GeeksforGeeks provides Chapterwise explained in detail Notes. Class 10 Physics Notes helps to learn how motion, energy, Light, electricity, and work affect our lives. Our Class 10 Physics Notes ensures that you study everything in accordance with your NCERT textbook, core books, or reference books. The following chapter-wise CBSE Class 10 Physics notes consist of 5 chapters including Light, The human eye and the colourful world, Electricity, Magnetic Effects of Electric Current, Sources of Energy which are further equipped with various concepts, everyday life examples, conceptual questions, and numericals on the same, in order to understand better and solve problems easily. Chapter 1: Light The very first chapter in the Physics syllabus of Class 10 is Light. The chapter Light is also studied in Class 8 also. The only difference between the topics discussed in Class 10 Notes is that, the vastness and depth of the study. Here we have covered the important topic of reflection and refraction and how to calculate the nature, position, image, and magnification generated by a spherical mirror. It also includes refraction of light via glass slab, the concept of refractive index, Spherical Lenses, Power of lens, and more. The following articles are listed below also includes Solved Sample Questions that help to understand the topic better: Reflection of Light Refraction of Light Concave and Convex Mirrors ? Ray Diagrams, Image Formation, Applications Spherical Mirrors Sign Convention for Spherical Mirrors Derivation of Mirror formula Mirror Formula and Magnification Refractive Index Refraction of Light through Glass Slab Lens Formula and Magnification Power of a Lens Chapter 2: The human eye and the colourful world The second chapter of Physics in the Class 10 Science book is the human eye and the colourful world. The human eye is one of the most important and sensitive sense organs, that enable us to see the colourful world around us. This chapter helps us to understand how our eyes functions and different phenomenon related to it. Therefore, our Class 10 Physics Notes cover the Importance of the eye, Defects of vision and their correction, Atmospheric refraction, Light refraction through the prism, Scattering of light, Tyndall effect, and more. GeeksforGeeks Class 10 Physics Notes are equipped with a detailed explanation of the topics listed below along with the Sample Questions related to them for a better understanding of the concept: Human Eye What is Dispersion of Light? Dispersion of Light by Prism Atmospheric Refraction Scattering of Light Tyndall Effect Chapter 3: Electricity Electricity is the third and the most crucial chapter of the Physics curriculum in Class 10 Science subject. Electricity is the flow of electrical power or charge. CBSE Class 10 Physics Notes cover all the related topics of electricity in this chapter. Students can understand the electric current, electric potential, Ohm?s Law, and circuit with the help of a diagram. It also includes Resistance, factors on which the resistance depends, the system of resistors along with the heating effect of a current, commercial unit of electrical energy, and many more. The articles on the topics covered in this chapter are listed below, these articles cover all the major topics as well as subtopics covered in a reference or NCERT book, along with Sample Questions on each topic: Electric Current Electric Potential and Potential Difference Ohm?s Law Factors affecting Resistance Combination of Resistors Heating Effect of Electric Current Commercial Unit of Electrical Energy Heating Effect of Electric Current Chapter 4: Magnetic Effects of Electric Current Magnetic Effects of Electric Current is also an important chapter in Class 10 Physics. This chapter helps to develop a basic understanding of Magnets and Magnetism. Magnetism is the property of attraction of small pieces of iron, So, Magnet is a material that has both attractive and repelling properties. Our Class 10 Physics Notes cover all the significant topics like magnetic field and field lines, the force on current-carrying conductors, etc. It also covers electric motors, electric generators, and domestic electric circuits in a detailed way with solved conceptual questions in the articles listed below: Magnetic Field Earth?s magnetic field Magnetic Field due to Current in Straight Wire Magnetic Field due to Current carrying Conductor Magnetic field due to a Solenoid Electromagnet Magnetic Force on a Current carrying Wire Electric Motor Electromagnetic Induction Chapter 5: Sources of Energy The fifth and the last chapter in the Syllabus of Class 10 Physics is Sources of Energy. Energy is defined as the capacity of a body to do work. Therefore, it is required to store in a body to do more of the work. So, GeeksforGeeks Class 10 Physics Notes notes cover all the topics like energy, fossil fuels, conventional sources of energy, and more. Students can learn alternatives or non-conventional sources of energy in the articles listed below: Fossil Fuels Biomass Non-Conventional Sources of Energy Hydroelectric Power Ocean Energy What is Nuclear Energy? My Personal Notes arrow_drop_up Save Like Previous CBSE Class 9 Physics Notes Next CBSE Class 11 Physics Notes Recommended Articles Page : CBSE Physics Class 8 Notes 11, Nov 21 CBSE Class 9 Physics Notes 11, Nov 21 CBSE Class 11 Physics Notes 11, Nov 21 CBSE Class 12 Physics Term 1 Answer Key 2021 02, Feb 22 Braille System - Light | Class 8 Physics 01, Mar 21 CBSE Class 9 Maths Notes 19, Apr 21 CBSE Class 12 Maths Notes 11, Nov 21 CBSE Class 11 Maths Notes 03, Jun 21 CBSE Class 8 Maths Notes 19, Apr 21 CBSE Class 10 Maths Notes 20, Apr 21 CBSE Class 10 Chemistry Notes 09, Jan 22 CBSE Class 9 Chemistry Notes 09, Jan 22 CBSE Class 8 Chemistry Notes 09, Jan 22 How is Physics related to Other Sciences? 25, Jun 21 What is Physics? Definition, History, Importance, Scope 27, Dec 21 Continuity and Discontinuity in Calculus - Class 12 CBSE 10, Nov 20 CBSE Class 10 Board Exam Pattern 2021-22 17, Dec 21 CBSE New Assessment Scheme 2021-22 for Class 10, 12 17, Dec 21 CBSE Class 10 Maths Term 1 Exam 2021 Paper Analysis Standard 27, Dec 21 CBSE Class 10 Term 1 Science Answer Key 2021-22 10, Jan 22 CBSE Class 10 Term 1 Maths Answer Key 2021 Basic Paper 10, Jan 22 CBSE Class 8 Maths Formulas 08, Jan 22 CBSE Class 9 Maths Formulas 09, Jan 22 CBSE Class 12 Term 1 Chemistry Answer Key 2021 02, Feb 22 Article Contributed By : GeeksforGeeks Vote for difficulty Current difficulty : Medium Easy Normal Medium Hard Expert Article Tags : Class 10 School Learning School Physics Report Issue Writing code in comment? Please use ide.geeksforgeeks.org, generate link and share the link here. Load Comments What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in Class 10 HTML Forms Number System and Arithmetic Mobile Technologies - Definition, Types, Uses, Advantages Introduction to Internet Chemical Indicators - Definition, Types, Examples Most visited in School Learning How to Align Text in HTML? Generations of Computers - Computer Fundamentals Libraries in Python Cloud Deployment Models Types of Computers ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register