Arrays Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Category Archives: Arrays Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value | Set 2 Given an array arr that contains N positive Integers. Find the count of all possible pairs whose bit wise XOR value is greater than bit? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR Arrays Bit Magic Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value Given an array arr that contains N positive Integers. Find the count of all possible pairs whose bitwise XOR value is greater than bitwise AND? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical Maximise occurrence of an element after K replacements within Array elements Given an array arr[] having N integers, and an integer K, the task is to find an array such that it contains a single elements? Read More frequency-counting Arrays Greedy Minimize operations to reduce Array sum by half by reducing any elements by half Given an array Arr[], the task is to find out the minimum number of operations to make the sum of array elements lesser or equal? Read More Arrays Greedy Count of possible remainders for K in given ranges for Q queries Expert Given an array arr[ ] which contains N positive integers and an integer K and a vector of queries Q . Two types of queries? Read More array-range-queries Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Segment-Tree Arrays Geeks Premier League Tree Maximize Array sum by subtracting absolute of odd and adding absolute of even elements Given an array arr[] of size N, the task is to maximize the array sum by subtracting the absolute values of all odd and adding? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Largest index to be reached in Binary Array after K jumps between different values Given a binary array arr[] of size N and an integer K, the task is to find the highest index which can be reached in? Read More binary-string Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Count of Array elements in given range with remainder X when divided by K for Q queries Given an array arr[] of size N, an integer K and Q queries, each of form {x, l, r}. For each query, the task is? Read More array-range-queries Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Generate Array such that max is minimized and arr[i] != arr[j] when j is a multiple of i Given an integer N, the task is to generate an array arr[] having N positive integers such that arr[i] ? arr[j] if j is divisible? Read More divisors Geeks-Premier-League-2022 sieve Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Count of subsequences of Array with last digit of product as K Given an array A[] of size N and a digit K. Find the number of sub-sequences of the array where the last digit of the? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 subsequence Arrays Dynamic Programming Geeks Premier League Recursion Generate permutation of 1 to N with sum of min of prefix for each element as Y Given two integers N, Y, generate a permutation of length N such that sum of all prefix minimum of that permutation is Y. Example: Input:? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 permutation prefix Arrays Combinatorial Geeks Premier League Greedy Minimize the size of Array by doing maximum absorptions Given an array A consisting of N integers and an integer K, the task is to minimize the length of array A, by applying absorptions? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Find the Array formed by performing Q queries on an empty array Consider an integer sequence S, which is initially empty (i.e. S = {}). Also given are Q queries, each of which is one of the? Read More array-range-queries Binary Search Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Pattern Searching Largest Subset with sum at most K when one Array element can be halved Given an array arr[] of size N and an integer K, the task is to find the size of the largest subset possible having sum? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 subset Arrays Geeks Premier League Sorting Find sorted order of Array after replacing digits with their given alternate Given an array A[] containing N integers and another array M[] containing alternate values of all digits from 0 to 9 (i.e; M[i] = j? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Sorting Page 1 of 38412345...102030...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in Arrays Arrays in Java Arrays in C/C++ Top 50 Array Coding Problems for Interviews Write a program to reverse an array or string Largest Sum Contiguous Subarray Most Visited in Arrays Stack Data Structure (Introduction and Program) Program for array rotation Multidimensional Arrays in Java Introduction to Arrays Linear Search ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register