GeeksforGeeks | A computer science portal for geeks | Page 4 Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Gblog Geeks Summer Carnival 2022 ? Your Best Investment of the Year ?Buy the dip?? ?Invest in XYZ Mutual Fund? ? ?Invest in NFTs?? and many more investment advice you must be getting on a regular basis? Read More Videos Explore 18:23 Midpoint circle drawing algorithm 25/03/2022 21:08 How to Create Language Detector Application in Flutter 24/03/2022 21:57 K Nearest Neighbors (KNN) Algorithm | Machine Learning 23/03/2022 14:57 How to Extract Audio From Video using Python 22/03/2022 10:54 Handling Missing Values - Machine Learning 21/03/2022 29:17 Gun Detection Using Python-OpenCV 07/03/2022 66:55 How to Perform CRUD Operations in Flutter Application using MySQL Database 04/03/2022 17:21 Implementing Simple and Custom Alert Dialog in Flutter Application 03/03/2022 18:14 Build a Simple Stopwatch Application in Flutter 02/03/2022 13:13 ML | Treating Categorical Data - Implementation in Python 01/03/2022 Issues Related to Urbanization in India Urbanization is a process of society?s transformation from a predominantly rural to a predominantly urban population. People move to urban areas in search of better? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Geography UPSC javax.xml.crypto Package in Java Common classes having the XML cryptography for the Package javax.xml.crypto. now this crypto package includes similar classes that are used to accessing XML cryptographic on? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Java-Packages Picked Geeks Premier League Java java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry Class in Java ACL entries are Examined by this class is validating on the ACL model declared in RFC 3530: Network File System i.e.(NFS) version of 4th Protocol? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Java-Classes Java-NIO package Picked Geeks Premier League Java Git ? Origin Master When we want to contribute to a git project, we need to make sure how to manage the remote repositories. One can push and pull? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Picked Geeks Premier League Git Causes for Widespread Poverty in India Poverty is described as the inability to satisfy fundamental demands due to a lack of appropriate financial resources. Food, clothing, and shelter are all basic? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Political Science UPSC Check if XOR of each connected component becomes equal after removing atmost P edges Expert Given, a Tree with N nodes, and an integer P, the task is to remove at edges in range [1, P) and find the XOR? Read More connected-components Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Tree Development of Indian Press During British Rule in India All the Revolutions in the modern world have stood firm on strong foundations of information sharing. Indian National Movement in this sense was no different? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League History UPSC Quick Links Events at GeeksforGeeks Courses at GeeksforGeeks Write an Article Java Tutorial Python Tutorial Data Structures Tutorial Coding Practice Find triplet A, B, C having bitwise AND of bitwise OR with each other as K Given an integer K, the task is to find three distinct integers A, B and C such that ( A ? B ) & (? Read More Bitwise-AND Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Minimize operations to reduce N to 0 by replacing N by its divisor at each step Given a positive integer N. Find the minimum number of operations needed to reduce N to 0 when N can reduced by its divisor at? Read More divisors Geeks-Premier-League-2022 sieve Geeks Premier League Greedy Mathematical Generate permutation of 1 to N with sum of min of prefix for each element as Y Given two integers N, Y, generate a permutation of length N such that sum of all prefix minimum of that permutation is Y. Example: Input:? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 permutation prefix Arrays Combinatorial Geeks Premier League Greedy Count of factors of combination of N and K (nCk) Given integers N and K, the task is to find the number of factors of NCK. Since the answer can be very large return the? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prime-factor sieve Geeks Premier League Mathematical Liberalization of Foreign Trade Foreign trade liberalization simply means the relaxation provided by the government in foreign trade laws and policies. These relaxations mainly include a reduction in taxes? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Economics Geeks Premier League UPSC Investment in Infrastructure is Essential for Rapid and Inclusive Economic Growth Development does not mean that only a section of the society gets benefited, but in the true sense, the development of a nation reflects an? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Economics Geeks Premier League UPSC Differentiate the Causes of Landslides in the Himalayan region and Western Ghats Easy Landslide refers to the sudden movement of rock mass, debris, soil, or vegetation down the slope due to the force of gravity. It is a? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Geography UPSC Check if level-wise Decimal equivalent of Binary Tree forms a Monotonic sequence or not Given the root of a binary tree in which all nodes has values either 0 or 1, the task is to check if the level-wise? Read More Binary Tree binary-representation Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-level-order Geeks Premier League Pattern Searching Tree Page 4 of 7,783? First?...23456...102030...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Quick Links Events at GeeksforGeeks Courses at GeeksforGeeks Write an Article Java Tutorial Python Tutorial Data Structures Tutorial Coding Practice Featured Articles View All SDE SHEET ? A Complete Guide for SDE Preparation February 21, 2022 Get Hired With GeeksforGeeks and Win Exciting Rewards! October 30, 2021 Master the Coding Interview ? Contest Series Based On Real Interviews October 5, 2021 Recently Asked Interview Questions in Product Based Companies May 11, 2021 Bridge the Gap Between Engineering and Your Dream Job ? Complete Interview Preparation May 1, 2021 Recommended Guest Blogs Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise Practice for cracking any coding interview Placements Complete Interview Preparation With Doubt Assistance GATE Computer Science Notes Machine Learning Django Tutorial Computer Science Projects Amazon SDE Test Series Company Interview Corner The C++ Standard Template Library (STL) Software Design Patterns SQL Tutorial Advanced Data Structures ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register