aspire: together for tomorrow.
 | engage uwindsor
 our website uses cookies cookies help us to understand how you use our website so that we can provide you with the best experience when you are on our site. to find out more, read our privacy policy and cookie policy. manage cookies a cookie is information stored on your computer by a website you visit. cookies often store your settings for a website, such as your preferred language or location. this allows the site to present you with information customized to fit your needs. as per the gdpr law, companies need to get your explicit approval to collect your data. some of these cookies are ?strictly necessary? to provide the basic functions of the website and can not be turned off, while others if present, have the option of being turned off. learn more about our privacy and cookie policies. these can be managed also from our cookie policy page. strictly necessary cookies(always on): necessary for enabling core functionality. the website cannot function properly without these cookies. this cannot be turned off. e.g. sign in, language analytics cookies: analytical cookies help us to analyse user behaviour, mainly to see if the users are able to find and act on things that they are looking for. they allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. tools used: google analytics manage cookies social media cookies: we use social media cookies from facebook, twitter and google to run widgets, embed videos, posts, comments and to fetch profile information. manage cookies i'm ok with that manage cookies cancel ? ? skip to skip to skip to content jump to navigation jump to tools jump to widgets search page outlines loading... ie10 and below are not supported. google chrome mozilla firefox contact us for any help on browser support you are here: home aspire: together for tomorrow. some content on this page may not display correctly. please enable javascript in your browser's settings and refresh the page. go back aspire: together for tomorrow. share on facebook share on twitter share on linkedin email this link attend a consultation session. drop in to have your say! current students are invited to join members of uwindsor?s strategic planning team for an opportunity to have their say on the university?s next strategic plan. staff, faculty and community sessions will be added as details are finalized. what is aspire and why now? aspire: together for tomorrow, the university of windsor?s strategic plan, will be our most important five-year navigational tool. it will guide the institution?s decision making and allow us to capitalize on opportunities to grow and thrive. the university of windsor is an integral part of windsor-essex region in dozens of ways and there have been significant changes since the last strategic plan was developed a decade ago. not only has the university transformed and evolved, so too has the region. it is important to evolve and align with the current needs of our campus community and beyond. the planning process will: the success of the process relies on you ? members of the university campus community including our students, staff, faculty and alumni and all who live, work, play, visit and invest in the windsor-essex region and surrounding communities. why engage? the strategic plan is going to inform decision making and funding priorities across the institution: this will impact all of us jointly envision where we are headed and how to get there make sure our voices are all heard, and the point of view of people with roles and experience like yours are reflected in the plan make your efforts and your teams? efforts visible ? make sure they are understood and valued inform how the university will evolve post-covid respond to the university?s efforts to make good on commitments to greater responsiveness and transparency opportunities for prizes throughout the strategic planning process! wanted: your voice. your input. in this way, and many more, your input is critical for building the vision and future of the university of windsor ? that we can all be proud of. whether you are a student or university employee, a windsor-essex resident, business owner, visitor or investor, your voice is greatly needed to shape the strategic plan. the university began preliminary planning in spring 2021 including forming a steering committee comprised of members from within the university of windsor community and the windsor-essex region. aspire will be out in the community in the new year to hear your voice! public consultations in 2022 will include online engagement and in-person events, feedback opportunities and more! important data will be collected between now and april; analysis of data from december through may and plan development between may and august. final approval is planned for early fall 2022. continue to visit this space regularly. register for updates and use the widget at the top of this page to subscribe to the aspire newsletter to ensure you are 'in-the-know' with the latest communications. strategic planning survey the strategic planning survey is now closed. stay tuned for news regarding the random draw for prizes. if you have any questions, please send them to stratplanning@uwindsor.ca follow @uwindsor on facebook, instagram, twitter, and youtube. attend a consultation session. drop in to have your say! current students are invited to join members of uwindsor?s strategic planning team for an opportunity to have their say on the university?s next strategic plan. staff, faculty and community sessions will be added as details are finalized. what is aspire and why now? aspire: together for tomorrow, the university of windsor?s strategic plan, will be our most important five-year navigational tool. it will guide the institution?s decision making and allow us to capitalize on opportunities to grow and thrive. the university of windsor is an integral part of windsor-essex region in dozens of ways and there have been significant changes since the last strategic plan was developed a decade ago. not only has the university transformed and evolved, so too has the region. it is important to evolve and align with the current needs of our campus community and beyond. the planning process will: the success of the process relies on you ? members of the university campus community including our students, staff, faculty and alumni and all who live, work, play, visit and invest in the windsor-essex region and surrounding communities. why engage? the strategic plan is going to inform decision making and funding priorities across the institution: this will impact all of us jointly envision where we are headed and how to get there make sure our voices are all heard, and the point of view of people with roles and experience like yours are reflected in the plan make your efforts and your teams? efforts visible ? make sure they are understood and valued inform how the university will evolve post-covid respond to the university?s efforts to make good on commitments to greater responsiveness and transparency opportunities for prizes throughout the strategic planning process! wanted: your voice. your input. in this way, and many more, your input is critical for building the vision and future of the university of windsor ? that we can all be proud of. whether you are a student or university employee, a windsor-essex resident, business owner, visitor or investor, your voice is greatly needed to shape the strategic plan. the university began preliminary planning in spring 2021 including forming a steering committee comprised of members from within the university of windsor community and the windsor-essex region. aspire will be out in the community in the new year to hear your voice! public consultations in 2022 will include online engagement and in-person events, feedback opportunities and more! important data will be collected between now and april; analysis of data from december through may and plan development between may and august. final approval is planned for early fall 2022. continue to visit this space regularly. register for updates and use the widget at the top of this page to subscribe to the aspire newsletter to ensure you are 'in-the-know' with the latest communications. strategic planning survey the strategic planning survey is now closed. stay tuned for news regarding the random draw for prizes. if you have any questions, please send them to stratplanning@uwindsor.ca follow @uwindsor on facebook, instagram, twitter, and youtube. forum discussions: all (2) open (2) let your voice be heard: what is a point of pride about the institution? 4 months ago share on facebook share on twitter share on linkedin email this link 3 responses you need to be signed in to add your comment. register sign in we want to hear from you! register to add your comment. go to discussion quick reply comment comments 
 reply notification settings notify me when a reply is posted submitting... cancel ? thank you for your contribution! help us reach out to more people in the community share this with family and friends facebook share on facebook twitter share on twitter linkedin share on linkedin whatsapp whatsapp share via email email this link no thanks tell us: what is one thing you feel we can improve or do better? 4 months ago share on facebook share on twitter share on linkedin email this link 6 responses you need to be signed in to add your comment. register sign in we want to hear from you! register to add your comment. go to discussion quick reply comment 
 comments 
 reply notification settings notify me when a reply is posted submitting... cancel ? thank you for your contribution! help us reach out to more people in the community share this with family and friends facebook share on facebook twitter share on twitter linkedin share on linkedin whatsapp whatsapp share via email email this link no thanks page last updated: 30 mar 2022, 12:27 pm signup banner register today! stay informed and get involved. follow project subscribe to project updates icon a bullhorn indicating announcements on the project stay informed subscribe for project updates please enter a valid email address your email address... 84 members of your community are following this project videos click here to play video aspire: change starts here at uwindsor click here to play video aspire: together for tomorrow click here to play video aspire: launch video important links steering committee members by the numbers: uwindsor is an integral part of our region faqs goals of institutional strategic planning planning process: guiding principles project timeline setting the stage aspire: together for tomorrow. has finished this stage july 2021 - january 2022 initial consultation process development committee appointments research consultation and fact finding aspire: together for tomorrow. is currently at this stage february 2022 - june 2022 institutional and community survey; employee engagement survey focus groups, town halls, online discussions, interviews external communities consultation drafting this is an upcoming stage for aspire: together for tomorrow. june 2022 - september 2022 completion of research development of draft strategy document feedback and revisions this is an upcoming stage for aspire: together for tomorrow. september 2022 campus review of draft strategy approval process this is an upcoming stage for aspire: together for tomorrow. october 2022 approval at university of windsor senate approval at university of windsor board of directors documents for review position paper - aspire: together for tomorrow, university of windsor strategic planning process position paper summary - university of windsor?s proposed strategic planning process feedback summary: what we heard who's listening frazier fathers institutional strategic planning project manager university of windsor phone (519) 253-3000 email stratplanning@uwindsor.ca rachelle prince communications officer, office of the president university of windsor email stratplanning@uwindsor.ca john-paul bonadonna marketing & communications coordinator university of windsor email stratplanning@uwindsor.ca