?Wikipedia on the App Store
    Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Wikipedia 17+ The Free Encyclopedia Wikimedia Foundation #52 in Reference 4.4 ? 4K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad iMessage Description Explore your world, find a quick fact, or dive down a Wikipedia rabbit hole with the official Wikipedia app for iOS. With more than 40 million articles across nearly 300 languages, your favorite free online encyclopedia is at your fingertips. Learn more at our FAQ page: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Wikimedia_Apps/iOS_FAQ App features: Night reading - Appearance controls let you read Wikipedia in comfort, with dark mode, text size control and image dimming to customize how you read. Places - Find Wikipedia articles about places next door or across the globe, with a map and location based search experience. On a trip or your daily commute, with Places it?s easy to learn more about the world around you. Explore feed - Discover the depths of Wikipedia through your explore feed, which surfaces Wikipedia articles and captivating freely-licensed photos. It includes a diverse array of interesting content, including: - recommended articles based on what you?ve already read - featured articles hand-picked by the Wikipedia community - daily top read articles - picture of the day - events on this day in history - random articles - nearby landmarks Find and search - Easily find what you?re looking for by searching within articles or using Spotlight. You can even search with your favorite emojis! Quick access - Add Wikipedia to your device's Today screen to pick up exactly where you stopped reading your last article, or see the top-read articles and trends of the day. Easy touch navigation, including 3D touch - Multi-touch gestures like swipe, tap, and 3D Touch features complete essential tasks more quickly and simply. Save articles - Save articles for reading later, even when you?re offline. Search and sort Saved articles, and organize them into folders. Log in to sync your Reading Lists across the your mobile devices. Multilingual support - Search for and read Wikipedia articles written in any Wikipedia-supported language ? there are nearly 300! Share - Easily share articles, images, and facts from Wikipedia on social media or by email. Or use Handoff to continue reading articles across your iOS devices. Want to know more behind the scenes of the Wikipedia mobile app for iOS? Check out these resources: To send feedback, from the app tap: Settings Gear > Send app feedback Contribute to our app localizations: https://translatewiki.net/wiki/Translating:WikimediaMobile Code at GitHub open source repository: https://github.com/wikimedia/wikipedia-ios About the Wikimedia Foundation The Wikimedia Foundation is a nonprofit organization that supports and operates Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects. The Wikimedia Foundation is a charitable organization funded mainly through donations. For more information, please visit our website: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Home. What?s New Dec 13, 2021 Version 6.8.2 Update Featured Article widget to modern widget style. Double tap Search tab to open right to searching. Improve support for Chinese links. Other small stability and performance improvements. Ratings and Reviews 4.4 out of 5 4K Ratings 4K Ratings Editors? Choice Wikipedia has been answering our big and small questions since its introduction in 2001. What if you only speak Hawaiian? Mai hopohopo! Hau?oli! (Don?t worry! Be happy!) With information in nearly 300 Wikipedia-supported languages, you?ll be able to find facts in the lingo you like. latteboy50 , 03/20/2022 Fantastic app with one major glitch First of all, I love this app. It is very professionally made. The UI is clean and intuitive. Links work how you?d expect them to, it?s easy to search, navigate through pages and find words within articles. But there is one major glitch that makes me extremely frustrated - editing documents. For some reason the cursor is virtually unusable when editing documents. It jumps around and sometimes just gets stuck in place making it impossible to set it where you want to begin typing. There are other problems with it that I won?t get into but really the only flaw of this app id the editing UI. This app would be absolutely PERFECT if that is fixed. But if you don?t edit pages like I do, you?ll absolutely love this app! Think of all the FREE information you?re getting from this app. Truly mind-boggling the world that we live in. floofysheep , 04/09/2020 The mobile app, is somehow worse than the mobile site After writing this, i will have deleted the app in favour of the website. This is for one reason: convenience, its way easier to find and go to a specific part of an article on the site rather then the app. Let?s use the page on, Visby Sweden as an example. On the website, when you scroll down below the general information, you get headers like: ?etymology?, ?history?, ?climate?, and ?infrastructure?, you can then tap on one or more of these things to open that/those specific section(s). On the app, you cannot do this. Let?s say i want to get to the ?infrastructure? section, i now have to scroll down through the ?etymology? through ?climate? sections of the article just to get to the section I want to read. Why, why isn?t the app like the mobile version of the website? I have checked the settings to see if this was something i had to turn on, I couldn?t find it, either i am missing something (if so deepest apologies) or this simple feature doesn?t exist. Kindest regards - Fluffysheep Developer Response , On the app we provide a table of contents which allows you to see and navigate to any section of the article. It is available via the button in the lower left of every article. App Privacy The developer, Wikimedia Foundation, indicated that the app?s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer?s privacy policy. Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Wikimedia Foundation Size 75.5 MB Category Reference Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 12.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 12.0 or later. Languages English, Afrikaans, Albanian, Arabic, Armenian, Assamese, Asturian, Basque, Bengali, Bosnian, Breton, Burmese, Cambodian, Catalan, Central Kurdish, Chechen, Czech, Danish, Dimli (individual language), Dutch, Esperanto, Faeroese, Finnish, French, Galician, Georgian, German, Greek, Hawaiian, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Hunsrik, Icelandic, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Kannada, Karachay-Balkar, Korean, K?lsch, Latvian, Lithuanian, Luxembourgish, Macedonian, Malay, Malayalam, Marathi, N'Ko, Nepali, Norwegian Bokm?l, Occitan, Oriya, Oromo, Pashto, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Romanian, Russian, Sanskrit, Scots, Serbian, Simplified Chinese, Sindhi, Slovak, Spanish, Sudanese, Swahili, Swedish, Tajik, Tamil, Telugu, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Tyap, Ukrainian, Upper Sorbian, Urdu, Uzbek, Venetian, Vietnamese, Welsh, Yakut, Yiddish Age Rating 17+ Unrestricted Web Access Copyright ? 2020 Wikimedia Foundation Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing Up to six family members can use this app with Family Sharing enabled. More By This Developer translatewiki.net Utilities You Might Also Like Wondrium - Learning & Courses Education wikiHow Reference NASA Education TED Education Merriam-Webster Dictionary Reference Encyclop?dia Britannica Education More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Choose your country or region Copyright ? 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map