Bitwise-XOR Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Tag Archives: Bitwise-XOR Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value | Set 2 Given an array arr that contains N positive Integers. Find the count of all possible pairs whose bit wise XOR value is greater than bit? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR Arrays Bit Magic Count of pairs with bitwise XOR value greater than its bitwise AND value Given an array arr that contains N positive Integers. Find the count of all possible pairs whose bitwise XOR value is greater than bitwise AND? Read More Bitwise-AND Bitwise-XOR Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical Find edge to be deleted from Tree to maximise product of XOR of components Given a tree of having N nodes rooted at node 0, and an array val[] denoting the value at each node, the task is to? Read More Bitwise-XOR DFS Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Tree Generate permutation of [1, N] having bitwise XOR of adjacent differences as 0 Given an integer N, the task is to generate a permutation from 1 to N such that the bitwise XOR of differences between adjacent elements? Read More Bitwise-XOR Geeks-Premier-League-2022 permutation Geeks Premier League Mathematical Pattern Searching Rearrange Linked List to make XOR of nodes at same distance from start and end same Given a linked list containing N nodes of binary numbers, the task is to check whether it is possible to rearrange the linked list in? Read More Bitwise-XOR Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Greedy Linked List Maximize sum of XOR of each element of Array with partition number Expert Given an array arr of positive integers of size N, the task is to split the array into 3 partitions, such that the sum of? Read More Bitwise-XOR Geeks-Premier-League-2022 partition Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Count of all possible values of X whose Bitwise XOR with N is greater than N Given an integer N count the number of values of X such that X?N > N, where ? denotes bitwise XOR operation Examples: Input: N =? Read More Bitwise-XOR Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Mathematical Generate a permutation of [0, N-1] with maximum adjacent XOR which is minimum among other permutations Given an integer N, the task is to print a permutation of numbers from 0 to N-1, such that: There is no duplicate element in? Read More Bitwise-XOR permutation Bit Magic Mathematical Rearrange given Array such that each element raised to its index is odd Medium Given an array arr of length N, the task is to rearrange the elements of given array such that for each element, its bitwise XOR? Read More array-rearrange Bitwise-XOR Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Count of permutations with minimum possible maximum XOR of adjacent pairs Given an integer N, consider an array having elements in the range [0, N-1] such that the maximum Bitwise XOR of all adjacent pairs is? Read More Bitwise-XOR permutation Bit Magic Combinatorial Mathematical Count of distinct values for bitwise XOR of X and Y for X, Y at most N Given an integer N, the task is to find the number of distinct values possible for the bit-wise XOR of X and Y where 1? Read More Bitwise-XOR Bit Magic Mathematical Find One?s Complement of an Integer | Set 2 Given an integer N, find the one?s complement of the integer. Examples: Input: N = 5Output: 2Explanation: Binary representation of 5 is ?101?. Its one?s? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 Bitwise-XOR Algo Geek Bit Magic Mathematical Count distinct XOR values among pairs using numbers in range 1 to N Medium Given a number N. The task is to count the number of distinct XOR of any possible pairs using numbers from 1 to N inclusive.? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 Bitwise-XOR Algo Geek Arrays Bit Magic Mathematical MEX of generated sequence of N+1 integers where ith integer is XOR of (i-1) and K Given two integers N and K, generate a sequence of size N+1 where the ith element is (i-1)?K, the task is to find the MEX? Read More Bitwise-XOR Sequence and Series Mathematical Pattern Searching C++ Program for Number of unique triplets whose XOR is zero Given N numbers with no duplicates, count the number of unique triplets (ai, aj, ak) such that their XOR is 0. A triplet is said? Read More Bitwise-XOR cpp-unordered_set Arrays Bit Magic C++ C++ Programs Searching Page 1 of 2712345...1020...?Last ? What's New C++ STL - Self Paced Course View Details Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details Most popular in Bitwise-XOR Bitwise Operators in C/C++ Find the Missing Number How to swap two numbers without using a temporary variable? Find the element that appears once in an array where every other element appears twice Find the element that appears once Most visited in Bitwise-XOR Add two numbers without using arithmetic operators Find the repeating and the missing | Added 3 new methods Find the Number Occurring Odd Number of Times Bitwise Hacks for Competitive Programming Find the two non-repeating elements in an array of repeating elements/ Unique Numbers 2 ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register