office of the vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion about priorities contact us office of vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion message from dr. clinton beckford vice-president, equity, diversity & inclusion together, racism, discrimination, and oppression form one of the great challenges of our time. the university of windsor is addressing it. the university has taken an important step in this regard, by establishing an executive leadership position in equity, diversity, and inclusion (edi) by appointing an interim vice president. it is a recognition that as an institution, we have more work to do in creating a more inclusive and just campus. it is also a commitment to taking concrete steps to be better. representation of diversity at the executive leadership table is an important and overdue piece of the bigger picture for the university. read more of dr. beckford's statement equity is fundamentally about fairness. we will work to ensure fair treatment, equitable access to opportunities and equitable treatment under our policies and procedures. diversity is about the representation of difference. we are concerned with who is at the table and if the difference is accounted for. we will foster an environment in which differences are valued. inclusion is about belonging. do we all feel that we are a valued and respected part of the organization? we will foster an environment where everyone has a say. justice a just campus is a safe and secure place for all, with special attention to the powerless and most marginalized and disadvantaged. this requires an environment where policies and procedures are applied consistently and fairly. recent news distinguished speaker series #3 in looking beyond taskforce reports, unconscious bias training, and targeted hirings featuring dr. carl james mar 25, 2022 distinguished speaker series #3 in looking beyond taskforce reports, unconscious bias training, and targeted hirings featuring dr. carl james 10 am est on friday, april 1, 2022 "muslim women resist:" ayesha mian akram's phd study mar 10, 2022 by shayna brissett-foster and lila iriburiro happy ayesha mian akram is a doctoral candidate at the university of windsor?s department of sociology and criminology. she holds a master?s degree in educational policy studies from the university of alberta, where she conducted a qualitative project to study how racism impacts the identity negotiations of canadian-born muslim women who practice hijab. her research is rooted in the intersections of anti-racism studies, religion, gender, and subjectivity. black studies: next steps post-black history/futures month celebration mar 10, 2022 the bystander initiative mar 10, 2022 more news contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram