co-operative education & workplace partnerships skip to main content coming to campus? visit this page for important information. university of windsor search enter the terms you wish to search for. search support uwindsor close quick links return to campus roadmap for fall current students blackboard uwinsite student faculty + staff uwinsite finance alumni + donors industry + community partners about about uwindsor office of the president equity, diversity and inclusion virtual tour visitor information campus maps parking view magazine academics programs undergraduate programs graduate programs international programs co-operative education continuing education support office of the registrar student awards office of the provost faculties arts, humanities, and social sciences law education nursing engineering business graduate studies human kinetics science research covid-19 research and innovation guidance vice-president, research & innovation research & innovation services research partnerships research appointments research ethics research safety animal care research finance leddy library uwill discover! epicentre student life about student life uwindsor events soca concerts & events lancers varsity sports university players athletics + recreation services student accessibility services residence food services student support back to top future students ask.uwindsor menu ask.uwindsor future students co-operative education & workplace partnerships in this section welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us welcome students why co-op? how to apply to co-op co-op fee internships faq's employers our programs office of experiential learning contact us uwindsor home co-operative education & workplace partnerships cooperative education & workplace partnerships cooperative education & workplace partnerships covid-19 update how is covid-19 impacting co-op work terms and interviews? read our frequently asked questions for up-to-date information about this situation please note that due to concerns about covid-19 and the goal to increase social distancing, our primary location in lambton hall is closed to staff, students and employer partners. all services will continue remotely via phone, email and on-line until further notice. for up-to-date information on the university of windsor?s response to covid-19, please access www.uwindsor.ca/coronavirus/ our co-op and internship programs integrate valuable work experience with classroom learning and professional development activities to ensure that you develop the transferable skills employers are looking for. co-op and internship staff and uwindsor faculty members work closely to ensure that our programs are responsive to your needs. more than just a job! as a co-op student or student intern, you'll be provided with constant feedback on your strengths and weaknesses so that you can improve and develop throughout the program of study. while on a work term, you will submit learning objectives to identify which skills you want to develop on the job. you will participate in a work term assessment to give you feedback on your progress and to work with your supervisor to ensure your placement meets your expectations. you will gain presentation skills through preparing and delivering a post-work term presentation to an audience of your peers and enhance your writing skills through completing a written report. more importantly, you will make contacts and build your network which will help you find employment upon graduation. professional development prior to graduating, co-op students and student interns must complete professional development activities designed to address relevant topics and to cultivate the skills which employers need. activities range from attending workshops on resume writing, interview skills, report writing and presentation techniques. individual attention the co-op and internship programs are managed by teams which are comprised of a program co-op coordinator, employer relations co-op coordinator and internship coordinator. these individuals are committed to working with you in order to make your co-op and internship experience truly rewarding. accreditation the university of windsor is proud to note that our co-op degree programs are accredited by co-operative education and work-integrated learning canada (cewil). cewil's mission is to foster and advance post-secondary co-operative education and work-integrated learning in canada. share tweet save career-ready talent share tweet save contact us university directory accessibility news services for media uwindsor mobile apps terms & conditions policies manage uwin account emergency services for students follow us on twitter follow us on facebook follow us on linkedin follow us on flickr follow us on youtube follow us on instagram