array-range-queries Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Tag Archives: array-range-queries Count of possible remainders for K in given ranges for Q queries Expert Given an array arr[ ] which contains N positive integers and an integer K and a vector of queries Q . Two types of queries? Read More array-range-queries Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Segment-Tree Arrays Geeks Premier League Tree Count of Array elements in given range with remainder X when divided by K for Q queries Given an array arr[] of size N, an integer K and Q queries, each of form {x, l, r}. For each query, the task is? Read More array-range-queries Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prefix-sum Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Find the Array formed by performing Q queries on an empty array Consider an integer sequence S, which is initially empty (i.e. S = {}). Also given are Q queries, each of which is one of the? Read More array-range-queries Binary Search Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Pattern Searching Find largest index till which Bitwise AND of elements is at least X for Q queries Hard Given array of integers arr[] and queries[] of size N and Q, the task is to find the largest index for each query Q[i] such? Read More array-range-queries Bitwise-AND Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Print all Repetitive elements in given Array within value range [A, B] for Q queries Given an array arr[] of size N, and Q queries of the form [A, B], the task is to find all the unique elements from? Read More array-range-queries Arrays Hash School Programming Check if GCD of [L, R] can be made >1 by replacing pairs with their product at most K times Given a range [L, R] and an integer K, the task is to check if it is possible to make the GCD of all integers? Read More array-range-queries GCD-LCM number-theory Mathematical Count of empty cells in given square Matrix after updating the rows and columns for Q queries Given a binary matrix of size NxN which is initially filled with 0?s and Q queries such that: Each query is of type (r, c)? Read More array-range-queries Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Greedy Mathematical Matrix Count numbers in given range which are symmetrical when rotated 180 degree clockwise Given a range [L, R), the task is to count the numbers that remain unchanged when rotated 180 degrees clockwise. Examples: Input: L = 0,? Read More array-range-queries Mathematical Pattern Searching Sum of binomial coefficients (nCr) in a given range Given three values, N, L and R, the task is to calculate the sum of binomial coefficients (nCr) for all values of r from L? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 array-range-queries binomial coefficient Algo Geek Mathematical Maximum count of 0s between two 1s in given range for Q queries | Set ? 2 Given a binary string S of size N, and a 2D array Q[][] of queries consisting of M pairs of the form {L, R}, the? Read More array-range-queries binary-string Arrays Dynamic Programming Greedy Find all numbers in range whose digits are increasing decreasing alternatively Given integers L and R, find all numbers in range L to R whose digits are increasing-decreasing alternatively i.e. if the digits in the current? Read More array-range-queries number-digits Arrays Mathematical C++ Program to Find Range sum queries for anticlockwise rotations of Array by K indices Given an array arr consisting of N elements and Q queries of the following two types: 1 K: For this type of query, the array? Read More array-range-queries prefix prefix-sum rotation Arrays C++ C++ Programs Competitive Programming Java Program to Find Range sum queries for anticlockwise rotations of Array by K indices Given an array arr consisting of N elements and Q queries of the following two types: 1 K: For this type of query, the array? Read More array-range-queries prefix prefix-sum rotation Arrays Competitive Programming Java Java Programs Python3 Program to Find Range sum queries for anticlockwise rotations of Array by K indices Given an array arr consisting of N elements and Q queries of the following two types: 1 K: For this type of query, the array? Read More array-range-queries prefix prefix-sum rotation Arrays Competitive Programming Python Javascript Program for Range sum queries for anticlockwise rotations of Array by K indices Given an array arr consisting of N elements and Q queries of the following two types: 1 K: For this type of query, the array? Read More array-range-queries prefix prefix-sum rotation Arrays Competitive Programming JavaScript Page 1 of 2512345...1020...?Last ? What's New Competitive Programming Live Classes for Students View Details Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details Most popular in array-range-queries Segment Tree | Set 1 (Sum of given range) Binary Indexed Tree or Fenwick Tree Count Primes in Ranges Segment Tree | Set 2 (Range Minimum Query) Maximum weighted edge in path between two nodes in an N-ary tree using binary lifting Most visited in array-range-queries Queries for counts of array elements with values in given range C/C++ Program to find Prime Numbers between given range Lazy Propagation in Segment Tree Difference Array | Range update query in O(1) Sparse Table ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register