Introducing Collectives?: Communities within Stack Overflow - Stack Overflow Teams Talent Advertising Collectives About Blog Newsletter Podcast Go to stackoverflow.com Overview Take a tour Contact us Resources Developers ? see how Collectives works for you How they work Unlock the power of your community Collectives? helps technology organizations empower the community that already exists around their products on Stack Overflow. Share knowledge at scale. Find and grow your advocates. Get actionable insights. It?s all right here. Take a tour Watch introduction video The story behind Collectives? Bringing developers and tech organizations together to build faster through community. Read the blog post Read the press release First, connect with your users. Then, start building together. Help developers learn more about your technology, so they can build faster and better. You?ll be amazed at how your organization can benefit. Community engagement Have deeper interactions with current and prospective users. Reward top contributors for their participation. Brand awareness Create a branded community on Stack Overflow. Find more users to advocate for your products. Developer support Help users find trusted answers and content faster. Engage with them in their preferred channel. User & market insights Get actionable data on user activity, content and community health. Uncover product issues and new use cases. We help the world?s largest tech organizations empower their communities. As more developers adopt Go to build their ideas and contribute to its iterations, it feels only fitting to take the same open-source approach with Collectives? on Stack Overflow. It will change how we can help technologists understand, implement, and scale Go, and it will change how everyone collaborates. Steven Francia Product and Strategy Lead, Google?s Go Language From Developer Relations to Marketing See how Collectives on Stack Overflow supports your teams? goals Developer Support Avoid support cases. Improve answer and response rates. Developer Relations Reach more users and improve their experience. Reward your advocates. Marketing Teams Increase brand awareness and engagement. Reduce user acquisition costs. Product Management Drive product adoption. Respond to bugs and feedback faster. Empower the community you already have on Stack Overflow. See if Collectives on Stack Overflow is a good fit for your technology or open source organization. Get in touch You?ll be in good company. See existing Collectives. GitLab 17 tags associated Join GitLab is the open DevOps platform, delivered as a single application. Our open source collaboration is a great place to share and learn information about version control, CI/CD, DevSecOps, and all-remote workflows. Go Language 65 tags associated Join The official Q&A channel for Google's Go Programming Language. Google Cloud 184 tags associated Join Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions to help them solve their most critical business problems. Intel 63 tags associated Join A space for developers to collaborate on Intel software tools, libraries, and resources. Share knowledge and connect with Intel product experts. Find the information you need to drive innovation and simplify development from edge to cloud with Intel. Twilio 29 tags associated Join Twilio has democratized channels like voice, text, chat, video, and email by virtualizing the world?s communications infrastructure through APIs that are simple enough for any developer, yet robust enough to power the world?s most demanding applications. Stack Overflow Questions Jobs Developer Jobs Directory Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram