Ask Different Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 179 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading? 0 +0 Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us Log in Sign up current community Ask Different help chat Ask Different Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Ask Different is a question and answer site for power users of Apple hardware and software. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Unanswered Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Explore our Questions Ask Question macosiphonemacbook-proiosterminalmackeyboardipaditunesicloud more tags Active 8 Bountied Hot Week Month 1vote 1answer 17views How to unlock iPhone for Photos App after accidntally pressing "Do not allow" macos iphone ios photos.app bmike? 216k modified 1 min ago 0votes 1answer 1kviews Why is the Data Roaming option missing from iPhone settings? iphone cellular-data Elhem Enohpi 387 answered 28 mins ago 0votes 0answers 5views How To Change Preview Default Settings preview settings automation zmkm 79 asked 41 mins ago 0votes 0answers 13views Photos App is not showing left navbar / folders/volumes navigators photos.app WestCoastProjects 4,552 asked 58 mins ago 2votes 2answers 376views How to install homebrew to /usr rather than /usr/local macos high-sierra homebrew bmike? 216k modified 1 hour ago 4votes 3answers 17kviews iPhone stuck "Removing iCloud Data..." after iCloud sign out iphone ios icloud Timothy C. Lethbridge 101 answered 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 4views tar: could not chdir to 'dirname' when using -C with tar command-line tar mmmmmm 26.5k answered 1 hour ago 0votes 0answers 6views Unusual predictions on iPad keyboard keyboard ipad ox15 1 asked 3 hours ago 3votes 2answers 47views PDfs in Automator macos pdf automation Matthias Winkelmann 458 answered 3 hours ago 95votes 5answers 284kviews Shortcut key for fullscreen mode macos keyboard macbook-pro window-manager Roy Verrips 331 modified 3 hours ago 2votes 0answers 120views How can I remove files while in Recovery Mode? terminal hard-drive deleting Olly 21 modified 3 hours ago 0votes 1answer 1kviews Can't type password to exit Guided Access mode? ipad ipados guided-access CommunityBot 1 modified 3 hours ago 2votes 0answers 34views How to close Preview tab with terminal / AppleScript? terminal applescript preview zmkm 79 modified 4 hours ago 1vote 1answer 45views What could prevent a PDF from adding text in Preview? big-sur pdf preview CommunityBot 1 modified 4 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions What is the name of the effect that causes a plane in a dive to go up? How were sprites in DOS games programmed? Stargate Universe blunder: whey do they keep talking about Naquadria when it should be Naquada...? What is this lightbulb and how do I change it? How can I clone a Windows 10 disk onto a larger disk? List all homeomorphically distinct irreducible connected simple acyclic graphs of size 10 ("Good Will Hunting" problem) What's the differences? (command substitutions) Is there a language where people do not use weight for mass? What's IFR departure procedure from private field with encroaching obstacles but no published ODP? Does the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints believe that God(s) is/are omnipresent? Automate the Boring Stuff CH 7: password strength test Should an undergraduate math program contain a course on Lebesgue integration? Enigmarch Day 4: Lock European rail pass for the old bash_aliases and "if [ -f ~/.bash_aliases ]; then . ~/.bash_aliases fi" meaning Satisfy as many people as possible What time of day was the White House burned in August of 1814? 2022: Is Ukraine at war with Russia? What's a word to describe things used in a game? Simpson's motivicity conjecture Creating list from field values with PyQGIS Smallest numbers whose square has even number of digits Science fiction short story about children on a beach stranded in time in perpetual twilight Is it OK to have type aliases for primitive types in Typescript? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Ask Different Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow For Teams Advertise With Us Hire a Developer Developer Jobs About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Apple is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries. This site is not affiliated with or endorsed by Apple Inc. in any way. Ask Different works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings