Software Engineering Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 179 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading? 0 +0 Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us Log in Sign up current community Software Engineering help chat Software Engineering Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Software Engineering Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for professionals, academics, and students working within the systems development life cycle. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Unanswered Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Explore our Questions Ask Question designjavac#design-patternsarchitectureobject-orientedc++algorithmsjavascriptphp more tags Active Hot Week Month 0votes 0answers 5views What is the best practice of conditions style in Python? python RoyalGoose 101 14 mins ago 0votes 1answer 73views DDD access to a composite Aggregate across Boundary Contexts domain-driven-design domain-model CommunityBot 1 modified 59 mins ago 0votes 2answers 32views How to design relationships with constraints on subclass type? design design-patterns inheritance abstraction Flater 36.3k answered 1 hour ago 4votes 1answer 144views Dependency management for facades/adapters to cloud services (SemVer?) api-design versioning semantic-versioning cloud CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago -1votes 1answer 63views Reducing Server Calls or Improving Server Response Times? programming-practices server Doc Brown 182k modified 3 hours ago 3votes 3answers 3kviews When is it not Pythonic to use properties instead of a method that doesn't take arguments? python coding-style properties sarusso 99 answered 4 hours ago 0votes 1answer 15views Benefits of Microservices processes split per kind? of process? database microservices deployment candied_orange 87.9k answered 4 hours ago 1vote 5answers 164views How do Singletons differ from Static variables? architectural-patterns singleton static besc 1,125 answered 4 hours ago 1vote 1answer 231views Alarming on event driven systemev event-sourcing event CommunityBot 1 modified 4 hours ago 11votes 7answers 7kviews Is having C++ header files without extension a good practice? c++ naming Aron Insinga 1 answered 6 hours ago 0votes 2answers 40views How to write robust or alternative to TSQL data processing routines in SqlServer? sql sql-server stored-procedures tsql Chris Rolliston 111 modified 8 hours ago 7votes 5answers 2kviews Is it OK to have type aliases for primitive types in Typescript? typescript KRyan 179 modified 9 hours ago 14votes 4answers 1kviews What are best practices for testing programs with stochastic behavior? testing unit-testing operating-systems random Glorfindel 3,095 modified 11 hours ago 0votes 2answers 88views How to automatically manage documentation documentation diagrams documentation-generation document-management help-documentation Christophe 66.5k answered 22 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions What's the differences? (command substitutions) Geometry Nodes how to transform extrude based on top and side? In a world where every animals can see in all directions, how would animals hunt? What can be gleaned from Lovecraft's usage of the words "obscene" and "blasphemous"? Spock notes that even the highest forms of intelligence need to "play" In I2C communication, slave not able to pull down properly during 9th clock pulse (not giving proper ack) What observable traits set the MilkyWay apart from other Galaxies? Simpson's motivicity conjecture How to store a custom string inside the BIOS Why is the unpardonable sin unpardonable? What exactly are the stated objectives of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine? Expand a matrix goo-ily Is it legal for a business to refuse service to a former customer in retribution for them leaving negative online reviews of the business? Why and how would a species reproduce exclusively by converting other sapient beings into more of their own kind? Does macOS delete files in /tmp periodically? What kind of horseshoes work best on a molten lead track? Why was this speech by Bilbo added to the Hobbit movie? Why do Masters + PhD, when you can just do a PhD and then do a PostDoc? Does the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints believe that God(s) is/are omnipresent? What if I were nervous about an ex colleague applying to my company? Creating list from field values with PyQGIS Ablative of Description in Cicero Which D&D deity's religious practices and beliefs are the most comprehensively detailed in official published material? Why isn't Spring equinox on 1st of April? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Software Engineering Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow For Teams Advertise With Us Hire a Developer Developer Jobs About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Software Engineering Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings