Salesforce Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 179 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading? 0 +0 Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us Log in Sign up current community Salesforce help chat Salesforce Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Salesforce Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for Salesforce administrators, implementation experts, developers and anybody in-between. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Sponsored by Home Public Questions Tags Users Unanswered Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Explore our Questions Ask Question apexvisualforcemarketing-cloudlightning-aura-componentstriggerlightninglightning-web-componentssoqljavascriptunit-test more tags Active 4 Bountied Hot Week Month 1vote 1answer 558views Calling Marketing Cloud APIs from PHP via FuelSDK marketing-cloud php CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 1vote 1answer 13views In LWC I cannot use a variable which comes from the parent Aura component lightning-web-components aura lifecycle Phil W 25.8k answered 1 hour ago 0votes 0answers 109views How to reset Column Widths in LWC datatable to the original width if edited? lightning-web-components lightning-datatable Abarna Ramanathan 1 modified 1 hour ago 2votes 2answers 49views How to know when the last batch job in parallel execution finishes? apex batch asynchronous Fatih 1 answered 1 hour ago 3votes 1answer 198views Querying Opportunities related to a contact return only Open Opportunities soql opportunitycontactrole subquery Fatih 1 modified 1 hour ago -1votes 1answer 13views Is Heroku Ephemeral File System where I can write to $HOME and /tmp? files heroku fileupload David Reed? 85.2k answered 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 548views Javascript in Web-to-Case form apex javascript web2case CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago -1votes 1answer 46views Create a class which returns contacts from an opportunity list apex Fatih 1 answered 2 hours ago -1votes 0answers 9views SOQL Fields function to investigate Schema - what is the purpose apex DevelBase2 325 asked 2 hours ago 1vote 1answer 564views Using Custom Compact layout on Visualforce Page visualforce javascript CommunityBot 1 modified 2 hours ago -1votes 1answer 20views How do I obtain access to a project repo when working as a Salesforce Developer? salesforcedx git Phil W 25.8k modified 3 hours ago -1votes 1answer 19views Correct approach to creating a new Salesforce DX project and pulling from GIT salesforcedx git DevelBase2 325 answered 3 hours ago 1vote 1answer 20views id value of incorrect type: apex lightning-web-components Caspar Harmer 17.7k answered 4 hours ago 0votes 1answer 20views Passing data returned from Vf Controller to Lightning Aura Component apex visualforce lightning-aura-components Priya Ranjan 72 answered 4 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Are paper banknotes used in Australia? Handcent Next SMS just flagged by Play Protect -- what's going on? Looking for some interesting complex integration contours How feasible is expensive road bike for commuting What's a word to describe things used in a game? Did any PC software floating point use non-IEEE format? What if I were nervous about an ex colleague applying to my company? Who was the last head of state/government that CIA tried to topple either with success or without success? Smallest numbers whose square has even number of digits Exam results for 9-year-old do not reflect his real skills Which manufacturer's logo is this? List all homeomorphically distinct irreducible connected simple acyclic graphs of size 10 ("Good Will Hunting" problem) A particular solution for the wave equation in 1+1D Which D&D deity's religious practices and beliefs are the most comprehensively detailed in official published material? Why is "brick" in "a brick house" a noun, whereas "plastic" in "a plastic bucket" is an adjective? Is there a proof assistant supporting double negation modality? Do/did any major RPGs have "hidden rules" or "spells that do things other than what they say"? What is this lightbulb and how do I change it? Difference between ??? and ???? Is there a language where people do not use weight for mass? Do I need copyright permission to rewrite an old classic? What is the name of the effect that causes a plane in a dive to go up? Expectation of a Sum What is a joule? I find the definition confusing more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Salesforce Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow For Teams Advertise With Us Hire a Developer Developer Jobs About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Salesforce is a registered trademark of salesforce.com, Inc. Salesforce Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings