Server Fault Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 179 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading? 0 +0 Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us Log in Sign up current community Server Fault help chat Meta Server Fault your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Server Fault is a question and answer site for system and network administrators. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Unanswered Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Explore our Questions Ask Question linuxapache-2.2windowsnginxubuntunetworkingdomain-name-systemcentosactive-directorywindows-server-2008 more tags Active 3 Bountied Hot Week Month 0votes 0answers 2views Nginx: Forward HTTPS traffic to a proxy server requiring authentication nginx proxy https ahmadrg 1 asked 5 mins ago 0votes 1answer 4views Apache won?t force https://domain https://www.domain apache-2.4 wordpress vidarlo 3,090 answered 17 mins ago 0votes 0answers 4views VPN my private server at home speed issue networking vpn lane17 1 asked 17 mins ago 9votes 4answers 7kviews How do I prevent libvirt from adding iptables rules for guest NAT networks? iptables kvm-virtualization libvirt DanielRieken 1 answered 34 mins ago 3votes 3answers 6kviews How to setup IPTables on KVM host - iptables-persistent is being ignored networking iptables kvm-virtualization libvirt DanielRieken 1 answered 41 mins ago 0votes 0answers 3views VM Instant firewall issue virtual-machines Harold H. 1 asked 52 mins ago 0votes 1answer 1kviews Domain accounts not visible in ACL on Windows Server 2008 windows-server-2008 active-directory file-server CommunityBot 1 modified 59 mins ago 4votes 1answer 2kviews Apache2 not sending installed SSL certificate apache-2.2 ssl ssl-certificate CommunityBot 1 modified 59 mins ago -1votes 1answer 7views With the tools available by default in a Windows environment (or sysinternals) how can I make a copy of (only) C:\WINDOWS\system32\config\? copy joeqwerty 107k answered 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 11views how to block drop function in mongodb? ubuntu mongodb Antonio 169 answered 1 hour ago 0votes 0answers 3views mongo secondary node - weird log entries replication mongodb network-security Antonio 169 asked 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 10views Key forwarding with putty isn't working, but plink DOES work git putty gitlab plink elyograg 149 modified 1 hour ago 0votes 0answers 10views virbr0-nic unmanaged in KVM/Cockpit virtualization virtual-machines kvm-virtualization bridge cockpit Kyle Sponable 101 asked 1 hour ago 0votes 1answer 54views Throttle Windows to match local storage, to prevent SVI buildup? storage vss vssadmin Jonathan Brickman of Topeka KS 15 modified 1 hour ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions Compress cases environment horizontally Is this homebrew monkey race overpowered? What time of day was the White House burned in August of 1814? Does this valve control input for my water heater? Would it be inappropriate to write employment filters on my social media channels? What observable traits set the MilkyWay apart from other Galaxies? Spock notes that even the highest forms of intelligence need to "play" 2022: Is Ukraine at war with Russia? How does the VIC-II/CPU memory access work on the C64? In I2C communication, slave not able to pull down properly during 9th clock pulse (not giving proper ack) What is the name of the effect that causes a plane in a dive to go up? If a minor requested a doctor prescribe her birth control, can she demand the doctor not disclose her request to her parents? What does Putin/Russia gain from only accepting payment for gas in Rubles? Why is the unpardonable sin unpardonable? Is a 1:1 gear ratio the same regardless of the specific gear sizes? Propulsion method for MANPADS missiles What kind of horseshoes work best on a molten lead track? The interstice of two binary numbers What's IFR departure procedure from private field with encroaching obstacles but no published ODP? diagram composing function Why is Prince Charles the 'Prince of Wales' and could Wales theoretically reject this? What exactly are the stated objectives of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine? What is the use of expected value in machine learning models? Creating list from field values with PyQGIS more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Server Fault Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow For Teams Advertise With Us Hire a Developer Developer Jobs About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Server Fault works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings