tree-level-order Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Tag Archives: tree-level-order Find all duplicate levels of given Binary Tree Given the root of a binary tree in which all nodes has values 0 or 1, the task is to find and print all levels? Read More Binary Tree Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-level-order Geeks Premier League Tree Check if level-wise Decimal equivalent of Binary Tree forms a Monotonic sequence or not Given the root of a binary tree in which all nodes has values either 0 or 1, the task is to check if the level-wise? Read More Binary Tree binary-representation Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-level-order Geeks Premier League Pattern Searching Tree Zig-Zag level order traversal of Binary Tree after every K levels Medium Given a binary tree and an integer K, the task is to print the level order traversal in such a way that first K levels? Read More Binary Tree Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-level-order Geeks Premier League Tree Find the level with maximum setbit count in given Binary Tree Medium Given a binary tree having N nodes, the task is to find the level having the maximum number of setbits. Note: If two levels have? Read More Binary Tree Geeks-Premier-League-2022 setBitCount tree-level-order Bit Magic Geeks Premier League Mathematical Searching Tree Find Level wise positions of given node in a given Binary Tree Medium Given a binary tree and an integer X, the task is to find out all the occurrences of X in the given tree, and print? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 tree-level-order Geeks Premier League Searching Tree Print all Nodes of given Binary Tree at the Kth Level Medium Given a binary tree and an integer K, the task is to print all the integers at the Kth level in the tree from left? Read More Binary Tree tree-level-order Tree Difference between odd level and even level leaf sum in given Binary Tree Easy Given a Binary Tree, the task is to find the difference of the sum of leaf nodes at the odd level and even level of? Read More Binary Tree tree-level-order Queue Tree Find the cousins of a given element in an N-ary tree Given an N-array tree root and an integer K, the task is to print all the cousins of node K. Note: Two nodes are considered? Read More tree-level-order Tree Find the parent node of maximum product Siblings in given Binary Tree Medium Given a binary tree, the task is to find the node whose children have maximum Sibling product in the given Binary Tree. If there are? Read More tree-level-order tree-traversal Mathematical Tree Sum of leaf nodes at each horizontal level in a binary tree Hard Given a Binary Tree, the task is to find the sum of leaf nodes at every level of the given tree. Examples: Input: Output:0063012Explanation:Level 1:? Read More Binary Tree tree-level-order tree-traversal TrueGeek-2021 Queue Tree TrueGeek Level order traversal by converting N-ary Tree into adjacency list representation with K as root node Given the root node of an N-ary tree and an integer K, the task is to convert the given tree into adjacency list representation and? Read More Graph Traversals tree-level-order tree-traversal Mathematical Tree ZigZag Level Order Traversal of an N-ary Tree Medium Given a Generic Tree consisting of N nodes, the task is to find the ZigZag Level Order Traversal of the given tree. Examples: Input: Output:13? Read More BFS n-ary-tree tree-level-order tree-traversal Mathematical Recursion Tree Left and Right view of a Generic Tree Hard Given a Generic Tree consisting of N nodes, the task is to find the left and right views of the given generic Tree. Examples: Input:? Read More Tree Traversals tree-level-order Queue Tree Sum of nodes in a Binary Search Tree with values from a given range Easy Given a Binary Search Tree consisting of N nodes and two positive integers L and R, the task is to find the sum of values? Read More Binary Search Trees BST Tree Traversals tree-level-order Queue Searching Tree Modify a Binary Tree by adding a level of nodes with given value at a specified level Hard Given a Binary Tree consisting of N nodes and two integers K and L, the task is to add one row of nodes of value? Read More tree-level-order tree-traversal Queue Tree Page 1 of 912345...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in tree-level-order Level Order Binary Tree Traversal Deletion in a Binary Tree Construct a complete binary tree from given array in level order fashion Print level order traversal line by line | Set 1 Level order traversal in spiral form Most visited in tree-level-order Construct a tree from Inorder and Level order traversals | Set 1 General Tree (Each node can have arbitrary number of children) Level Order Traversal Flatten a binary tree into linked list Level order traversal line by line | Set 3 (Using One Queue) Create a tree in level order ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register