GeeksforGeeks | A computer science portal for geeks | Page 20 Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Gblog Geeks Summer Carnival 2022 ? Your Best Investment of the Year ?Buy the dip?? ?Invest in XYZ Mutual Fund? ? ?Invest in NFTs?? and many more investment advice you must be getting on a regular basis? Read More Videos Explore 18:23 Midpoint circle drawing algorithm 25/03/2022 21:08 How to Create Language Detector Application in Flutter 24/03/2022 21:57 K Nearest Neighbors (KNN) Algorithm | Machine Learning 23/03/2022 14:57 How to Extract Audio From Video using Python 22/03/2022 10:54 Handling Missing Values - Machine Learning 21/03/2022 29:17 Gun Detection Using Python-OpenCV 07/03/2022 66:55 How to Perform CRUD Operations in Flutter Application using MySQL Database 04/03/2022 17:21 Implementing Simple and Custom Alert Dialog in Flutter Application 03/03/2022 18:14 Build a Simple Stopwatch Application in Flutter 02/03/2022 13:13 ML | Treating Categorical Data - Implementation in Python 01/03/2022 Mindtree Interview Experience for Software Engineer C1 My TR interview for the Mindtree Software Engineer C1 role was on Feb 28th, 2022 at 9:30 am. Some of the questions asked were: Introduced? Read More Mindtree Interview Experiences Role of Energy for Economic Development Energy is a critical component of a country?s economic development. It is widely utilized in agricultural and allied fields such as the manufacturing and delivery? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Economics Geeks Premier League UPSC Interchange elements of Stack and Queue without changing order Given a stack St of M elements and a queue Q of N elements. The task is to put every element of stack into the? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Queue Stack Broad Money and Narrow Money The value of the currency depreciates as inflation rises. This is why the RBI keeps track of money supply by categorizing it as ?reserve money,?? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Economics Geeks Premier League UPSC Minimize swap of elements such that one Array has greater sum than other Given two arrays A[] and B[] with size N and M, the task is to find the minimum number of swaps between two arrays (can? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Arrays Geeks Premier League Sorting Capitalist and Socialist Economic Systems Capitalist Economic System: The term ?Capitalist Economy? refers to an economic system in which private people own and control the means of production, and economic? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Economics Geeks Premier League UPSC Find 4 points with equal Manhattan distance between any pair Given an integer N, Find 4 points in a 2D plane having integral coordinates, such that the Manhattan distance between any pair of points is? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Mathematical Quick Links Events at GeeksforGeeks Courses at GeeksforGeeks Write an Article Java Tutorial Python Tutorial Data Structures Tutorial Coding Practice Swaraj Party: Its Objectives and Works Deshbandhu Chittaranjan Das and Motilal Nehru founded the Swaraj Dal in January 1923 by resigning from Congress as they disliked the new program launched by? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League History UPSC 4-bit Ripple Carry Counter in Verilog HDL To proceed with Verilog Code, we shall first understand the structure of the 4-bit Ripple Counter. The top design block consists of four T-Flip Flop.? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Verilog-HDL Computer Subject Digital Logic Geeks Premier League Anti-Rowlatt Satyagraha Movement In the 1914s, World War I took place in most of the countries of Europe. After the victory of Britain, they started taking control of? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League History UPSC 2 to 4 Decoder in Verilog HDL In this article, we will implement the 2:4 Decoder using all levels of abstraction in Verilog HDL with a step-by-step procedure. Before proceeding to code? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Verilog-HDL Digital Electronics & Logic Design Digital Logic Geeks Premier League Check if X and Y can be equal in N steps by dividing them with their factors Given positive integers X, Y and N, the task is to check whether X can be made equal to Y in exactly N operations where? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 prime-factor Geeks Premier League Mathematical What is DCCP (Datagram Congestion Control Protocol)? Congestion in a network means deterioration of network or services which are caused due to overloading of network nodes, basically, this problem is primarily associated? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Picked Computer Networks Geeks Premier League LAN Switch Modes of Operation Switching the LAN uses the hardware area as the basis for independent transmission and filtering. The LAN switch types determine how the frame is processed? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Picked Computer Networks Computer Subject Geeks Premier League Count subsequences of Array having single digit integer sum K Medium Given an array arr[] and integer K, the task is to count the number of subsequences of the array such that after adding all the? Read More Geeks-Premier-League-2022 subsequence Arrays Geeks Premier League Greedy Recursion Page 20 of 7,783? First?...10...1819202122...304050...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Quick Links Events at GeeksforGeeks Courses at GeeksforGeeks Write an Article Java Tutorial Python Tutorial Data Structures Tutorial Coding Practice Featured Articles View All SDE SHEET ? A Complete Guide for SDE Preparation February 21, 2022 Get Hired With GeeksforGeeks and Win Exciting Rewards! October 30, 2021 Master the Coding Interview ? Contest Series Based On Real Interviews October 5, 2021 Recently Asked Interview Questions in Product Based Companies May 11, 2021 Bridge the Gap Between Engineering and Your Dream Job ? Complete Interview Preparation May 1, 2021 Recommended Guest Blogs Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise Practice for cracking any coding interview Placements Complete Interview Preparation With Doubt Assistance GATE Computer Science Notes Machine Learning Django Tutorial Computer Science Projects Amazon SDE Test Series Company Interview Corner The C++ Standard Template Library (STL) Software Design Patterns SQL Tutorial Advanced Data Structures ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register