Introducing Collectives?: Communities within Stack Overflow Stack Overflow About Products For Teams Stack Overflow Public questions & answers Stack Overflow for Teams Where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers Jobs Programming & related technical career opportunities Talent Recruit tech talent & build your employer brand Advertising Reach developers & technologists worldwide About the company Loading? Log in Sign up current community Stack Overflow help chat Meta Stack Overflow your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Home Public Questions Tags Users Collectives Explore Collectives Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Collectives on Stack Overflow Find centralized, trusted content and collaborate around the technologies you use most. Learn more Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Grow your community Looking for help? Communities for your favorite technologies Collectives? helps you find trusted answers faster, engage with product experts, and share knowledge around the technologies you use most. Watch the introduction Read the blog post Technology and open source technology organizations already on Collectives: Go Language 20k members Join The official Q&A channel for Google's Go Programming Language. Google Cloud 19k members Join Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions to help them solve their most critical business problems. GitLab 11k members Join GitLab is the open DevOps platform, delivered as a single application. Our open source collaboration is a great place to share and learn information about version control, CI/CD, DevSecOps, and all-remote workflows. Intel 3k members Join A space for developers to collaborate on Intel software tools, libraries, and resources. Share knowledge and connect with Intel product experts. Find the information you need to drive innovation and simplify development from edge to cloud with Intel. Twilio 676 members Join Twilio has democratized channels like voice, text, chat, video, and email by virtualizing the world?s communications infrastructure through APIs that are simple enough for any developer, yet robust enough to power the world?s most demanding applications. Collectives works for you Make your job easier with Collectives on Stack Overflow. Trust the source ? See the full picture ? More than Q&A ? Get recognized Find trusted answers, fast Stop testing multiple solutions to your questions. Find the answers recommended by technology providers and provided by Recognized Members of the community. 0 Votes 4 Answers How to flatten frequencies in Audio Bubble? Answer Answer recommended by Audio Bubble View full answer Sam Wright Recognized by Audio Bubble Get product information in one place There?s no need to review multiple tag pages. The Collectives page provides a centralized view of questions and answers and content using tags associated with the organization?s technology. Find links to their website, support channels, and code hosting and social media platforms. Pinned articles Welcome to Audio Bubble Questions Are there webhook integrations with Audio Bubble? Answer About collective Recognized Members Top Tags Engage with new content formats Because some topics require more than Q&A. Get in-depth product knowledge that?s only on Collectives: content like Articles, how-to guides and knowledge articles. Knowledge article Introduction to Audio Bubble Graph API How-to-guide How to suggest a good article More from Audio Bubble collective Are there webhook integrations with Audio Bubble? How to flatten frequencies in Audio Bubble? How do I get oAuth2 to work with Audio Bubble 3.0 SDK? Earn recognition Consider yourself an expert on Google Cloud? Think you know the most about Go Language? Earn a Recognized Member designation from your favorite technology companies. See your answers recommended and check where you rank on the Collectives leaderboard. Sam Wright This user is first on the weekly Audio Bubble collective leaderboard Recognized by Audio Bubble Collective members Search Dan Smith Penina Austin Janelle Hunter Answer Answer recommended by Audio Bubble Here?s what people are saying about Collectives on Stack Overflow I think both businesses and developers will benefit from Collectives because they make it easier to connect and keep in touch. Developers have been coming together and helping each other on the Stack Overflow platform for a long time. With Collectives, companies can now also become part of this active community. Martin Spickermann Senior Software Developer at Shopify I?m most excited about the Recognized Member feature. Beyond reputation, I think the Recognized Member badge can more accurately reflect a user?s expertise in a domain. Endorsement by a Recognized Member can also help to increase the visibility of new, better, but not highly voted answers to old questions, encouraging developers to take a closer look before just adopting the highest voted answer. Benjamin W. Stack Overflow user We?re listening to your feedback Read the post on Meta You have questions. We have answers. Explore content from the Help Center. What is Collectives? on Stack Overflow? Collectives? on Stack Overflow is a grouping of content around a product/service or product suite of a technology organization. Its grouping is based on tags, and together forms a home for this organization on Stack Overflow. Read more on the Help Center What is a recommended answer? A recommended answer is a new way of engaging within Stack Overflow?s Q&A experience, it?s a way for an organization to provide a stamp of approval on answers that are about the technologies of that organization. Learn more about recommended answers What are the different types of users in a Collective? With the launch of Collectives we are creating 3 new Collective-specific user types: Member, Recognized Member, Admin. More about the user types How do you determine which tags are included in a Collective? Collective tags are based on technologies that are part of a certain organization through authority and support. This would usually mean that they are around a product or product suite of an organization. Read more about tags How do I join a Collective? Anybody with a Stack Overflow account can join a collective! Visit the Collectives page (by clicking on the Collectives badge on a question page) and press the ?Join? button. The collective will now show up in the left sidebar. Unlock the power of your community Collectives for open source & companies Stack Overflow Questions Jobs Developer Jobs Directory Help Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Stack Overflow works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings