divisors Archives - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects ? Tag Archives: divisors Count of numbers up to N having only 4 factors or divisors Given an integer N, find the number of natural numbers less than or equal to N and have 4 factors. Example: Input: N = 8Output:? Read More divisors Geeks-Premier-League-2022 Geeks Premier League Mathematical Generate Array such that max is minimized and arr[i] != arr[j] when j is a multiple of i Given an integer N, the task is to generate an array arr[] having N positive integers such that arr[i] ? arr[j] if j is divisible? Read More divisors Geeks-Premier-League-2022 sieve Arrays Geeks Premier League Mathematical Minimize operations to reduce N to 0 by replacing N by its divisor at each step Given a positive integer N. Find the minimum number of operations needed to reduce N to 0 when N can reduced by its divisor at? Read More divisors Geeks-Premier-League-2022 sieve Geeks Premier League Greedy Mathematical Find a triplet (X, Y, Z) such that all are divisible by A, exactly one is divisible by both A and B, and X + Y = Z Given two integers A and B, the task is to find a triplet (X, Y, Z) such that all of them are divisible by A,? Read More divisors Pigeonhole Principle Combinatorial Mathematical Smallest number having only 4 divisors with difference between any two at most D Given the number D, find the smallest number N such that it has exactly four divisors and the difference between any two of them is? Read More Algo-Geek 2021 divisors Algo Geek Arrays Mathematical Minimum moves to make M and N equal by repeated addition of divisors except 1 | Set-2 (Dynamic Programming) Given two integers N and M, the task is to calculate the minimum number of moves to change N to M, where In one move? Read More divisors Arrays Dynamic Programming Graph Mathematical Minimum operations to reduce N to a prime number by subtracting with its highest divisor Hard Given a positive integer N. In one operation subtract N with its highest divisor other than N and 1. The task is to find minimum? Read More divisors Prime Number Game Theory Mathematical Count triplets such that product of two numbers added with third number is N Given a positive integer N, the task is to find the number of triplets (A, B, C) where A, B, C are positive integers such? Read More divisors Mathematical Find numbers in range [L, R] that are coprime with given Array elements Given an array arr[] consisting of N distinct positive integers and a range [L, R], the task is to find the element in the given? Read More cpp-unordered_set divisors HashSet Prime Number Arrays Hash Mathematical Height of Factor Tree for a given number Medium Given a positive integer N, the task is to find the height of the Factor Tree of the given integer N. Examples: Input: N =? Read More divisors factor Mathematical Tree Count the divisors or multiples present in the Array for each element Given an array A[] with N integers, for each integer A[i] in the array, the task is to find the number of integers A[j] (j? Read More divisors sieve Arrays Mathematical Count of N-length binary strings that are repeated concatenations of a substring Hard Given a positive integer N, the task is to find the number of binary strings of length N that are repeated concatenation of only one? Read More binary-string divisors Dynamic Programming Mathematical Strings Minimum number of moves to make M and N equal by repeatedly adding any divisor of number to itself except 1 and the number Given two numbers N and M, the task is to find the minimum number of moves to change N to M or -1 if it?s? Read More BFS divisors Combinatorial Game Theory Graph Mathematical Find Nth smallest number having exactly 4 divisors Given a positive integer N, the task is to find the Nth smallest number in the sequence which is having exactly 4 divisors. Examples: Input:? Read More divisors Prime Number Mathematical Sum of all the prime divisors of a number | Set 2 Given a number N, the task is to find the sum of all the prime factors of N. Examples: Input: 10Output: 7Explanation: 2, 5 are? Read More divisors prime-factor Mathematical Page 1 of 1012345...10...?Last ? What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in divisors Find all factors of a natural number | Set 1 Find all divisors of a natural number | Set 2 Count Divisors of n in O(n^1/3) Sum of all proper divisors of a natural number Sum of all divisors from 1 to n Most visited in divisors Total number of divisors for a given number Check for Amicable Pair Numbers with exactly 3 divisors Sum of all the factors of a number Common Divisors of Two Numbers ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register