Copyright Information - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects Related Articles ? Copyright Information This to Affirm that GeeksforGeeks is the Copyright Holder/ Owner of the Contents (such as Videos, Photos, Visuals, Questions or any other Literary work) which are Created or Published on its website under the Copy Right Act 1957 and that any Unauthorized Transmission, Publication or Usage of the said Contents without any prior knowledge or written permission shall be treated as the illegal use of the same, which is strictly prohibited under the eyes of Law. Where the same shall be treated as Infringement of our rights inferred by the Copy Right Act, therefore shall attract appropriate Legal Proceedings against the said Infringer without any prior information. However, We reserve the full rights on making use of the courses on practice portal https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/courses for publication, re-transmission, commercial posting, selling, circulation or redistribution of them and some rights for content on our contribute portal https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/ This Site is affiliated under CCBY-SA And by this, we mean that a part of our work is under creativecommons.org under CCBY-SA license so you are allowed to share and duplicate this content (videos, photos, images, questions, and trade-marks present on the website belong to the company that has produced such materials and are protected by intellectual property laws, conventions and treaties. Where the Trademark shall be used only in connection to the contents which are created by us, any individual user of the said Trademark/ Logo, or in connection with any other contents or company shall be treated as Infringement. These can be used for personal or non-commercial purpose only) by giving due attribution with the following mentioned terms and conditions, otherwise, it will still be categorized as copyright violation: You are free to: Share ? copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format Adapt ? remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose. Under the following terms: Attribution ? You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use. Hyperlink each article directly back to their user profile page on the source site (e.g., for the article https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/rc4-encryption-algorithm/ the link to the author profile would be https://auth.geeksforgeeks.org/user/Sally%20Jarkas/articles/) If you are copying more than 50% of your Contents from our site you necessarily need to add up the following tag in the head section of the website, For example: https://example.com/abc.html copies the content from https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/xyz then https://example.com/abc.html should contain < link rel="canonical" href= ?https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/xyz/? /> in the < head> tag. Share Alike ? If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original. No additional restrictions ? You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits. Notices: You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation. No warranties are given: The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material. You should Refrain from using images, photos, and videos as these are the sole property of GeeksforGeeks and do not fall under the CC license, and that usage of the same shall be treated as Infringement. Non-adherence to any of the above-mentioned points shall be treated as Infringement and shall attract appropriate Legal Proceedings. ALSO, By ?directly?, we mean each hyperlink must point directly to our domain in standard HTML visible even with JavaScript disabled, and not use a tiny url or any other form of obfuscation or redirection. Furthermore, the links must not be nofollowed. This is about the spirit of fair attribution. Attribution to the website, content and more importantly, to the individuals who so generously contributed their time to create that content in the first place! Further, if you believe that any Educator/User has used copyright-protected work in the User Content provided in the GeeksforGeeks Courses, you can report the same or if you believe your or someone else?s copyrights are being infringed upon through these Courses, then let us know by writing to us at feedback@geeksforgeeks.org. Please note that by claiming copyright infringement you are initiating a legal process, kindly be sure to consider whether fair use, fair dealing, or a similar exception to copyright apply before you report Therefore we believe you will comply with the above-said points to attribute the content in the right spirit. My Personal Notes arrow_drop_up Save ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register