Knowledge Management Software & Solutions for Collaboration - Stack Overflow Teams Talent Advertising Collectives About Blog Newsletter Podcast Go to stackoverflow.com Overview Why Stack Overflow Pricing Enterprise Resources Built for large organizations Learn more Updates to Content Health! Content Health programmatically surfaces potentially out-of-date content so you can verify it?s still up-to-date, edit it, or mark it as obsolete. Read the blog post Learn more Knowledge sharing and collaboration without distractions Stack Overflow for Teams is a knowledge management & collaboration solution that technologists already trust. Get started: For large organizations For small teams Thousands of organizations around the globe use Stack Overflow for Teams You can improve the overall efficiency and the health of people onboarding in an organization with [Stack Overflow for Teams]. Tyler McDougall Development Team Lead, IMC Our client support answer time is now 30 minutes, and we have a 97% resolution rate due to Stack Overflow for Teams Olga Gomonova Head of Enablement, Unqork When these questions are on Stack Overflow for Teams, I get to be more productive because I don't have to answer the same question twice. Suraj Gupta Program Manager, Microsoft Cloud Test Team Onboard faster Get new hires up to speed in record time Drive employee engagement Reduce information silos while working across departments Improve productivity Stop digging through chat threads, emails and old company wikis G2 Awards We?re a seasoned winner, including Best Software for 2022 2019-2022 RemoteTech Awards Developer Collaboration Platform 2021 The SaaS Awards Best SaaS for Productivity 2021 APPEALIE SaaS Awards Collaboration + Productivity 2021 Annual billing discount Free Free No credit card required ChatOps integrations - Slack & Microsoft Teams Your own private space hosted on stackoverflow.com Structured and searchable knowledge base Create a free Team Always free up to 50 teammates Basic $6 USD per teammate / month Single sign-on (SSO) with SAML + Okta integration ChatOps integrations - Slack & Microsoft Teams Your own private space hosted on stackoverflow.com Structured and searchable knowledge base Get started Up to 250 teammates Recommended Business $12 USD per teammate / month All the features of Basic plus? Long-form knowledge with Articles Additional integrations ? ChatOps, Jira, GitHub & Okta Group content together into Collections Usage and adoption metrics Priority customer support Content Health Get started Unlimited teammates Enterprise Custom pricing Let?s talk about what you need Premium features of Business plus? Unlimited Teams within your instance Flexible hosting options ? cloud or on-premises Robust read and write API Your own customer success and community building representative 99.5% uptime SLA and priority support Content Health Request a demo Unlimited teammates Compare all plans From engineering to business partners Departments of all types rely on Stack Overflow for Teams to meet deadlines and drive innovation Engineering Reduce distractions and meet release deadlines using a platform Engineers already trust. Learn more Data scientists Provide quality analysis through collaboration and transparent information sharing. Learn more DevOps & SREs Increase release velocity by breaking down knowledge silos. Learn more Support Minimize time to resolution and per-ticket costs by capturing support knowledge. Learn more Product Management Enable cross-team collaboration to help with product innovation. Learn more Minimize distractions and save time onboarding new employees Calculate time savings Microsoft Teams Improves other tools Streamline workflows across the entire organization View all integrations Get the most out of knowledge sharing by integrating Stack Overflow for Teams with popular tools. Our search capabilities make finding answers fast without interrupting the workflow. Okta Slack Robust security controls Trusted by thousands of customers to keep their proprietary data safe More about security GDPR & Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) for data transfers SOC 2 Type II report Enterprise Single sign-on (SSO) - SAML, AD Basic Business Enterprise SCIM provisioning Business Enterprise See what our customers are saying Industry leading companies trust Stack Overflow for Teams We found a way to show the support team [with Stack Overflow for Teams], here?s the base problem that is common across multiple customers? Once they know that, they don?t even need to involve engineers. ? Suyog Rao Director of Engineering, Elastic Cloud [Stack Overflow for Teams] has been a resource for our entire company. Not only for developers to solve problems, it?s also enabled our sales field to answer technical questions that help them close deals. It?s permeated the company in every way. ? Ryan J Salva Director of Product Management, Developer Services Division, Microsoft Initially I thought this is going to be an engineer-to-engineer Q&A tool, but actually it turns out a lot of people ask questions that are more product behavior related. ? Aiko Krishna Product manager on the File System team at Box Enterprise Collaboration and knowledge sharing at scale Larger organizations trust in our Enterprise solution to ensure their business stays on course Features for large orgs Robust read and write API Single sign-on with AD or SAML Your own customer success representative 99.5% uptime SLA and priority support It saves us time on a day to day basis and also a huge amount when onboarding a new developer ? Morgan Jones Director of Engineering, Flex Instead of trying to figure out how to reach people and bother them while they are working, I?m able to go to Stack Overflow for Teams and get the answers to my questions. Mosh Feu Front End Developer, Wix We?re building a valuable, well-curated knowledge base. Jeremy Williams Engineering, Factset Start collaborating efficiently today Free for your first 50 users, no credit card required Create a free Team Big organization with complex needs? See options for enterprises Stack Overflow Questions Jobs Developer Jobs Directory Products Teams Advertising Collectives Talent Company About Press Work Here Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Channels Podcast Newsletter Twitter LinkedIn Instagram