Geeks Summer Carnival 2022 - Your Best Investment of the Year - GeeksforGeeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects Related Articles ? Related Articles Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Table of Contents Must Do Coding Questions for Companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Adobe, ... Practice for cracking any coding interview Must Do Coding Questions for Product Based Companies Must Do Coding Questions Company-wise GET and POST requests using Python Socket Programming in C/C++ Top 10 Projects For Beginners To Practice HTML and CSS Skills Working with csv files in Python Types of Software Testing Differences between Procedural and Object Oriented Programming Fast I/O for Competitive Programming Web 1.0, Web 2.0 and Web 3.0 with their difference 100 Days of Code - A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced Frontend vs Backend Working with PDF files in Python XML parsing in Python Supervised and Unsupervised learning Top Linux Distros to Consider in 2021 Different Ways to Connect One Computer to Another Computer Implementing Web Scraping in Python with BeautifulSoup Top 10 System Design Interview Questions and Answers OOPs | Object Oriented Design Data Structures and Algorithms Online Courses : Free and Paid Top 10 Programming Languages That Will Rule in 2021 Genetic Algorithms Getting started with Machine Learning Top Programming Languages for Android App Development 7 Best Coding Challenge Websites in 2020 Ethical Issues in Information Technology (IT) Socket Programming in C/C++: Handling multiple clients on server without multi threading Improve Article Save Article Like Article Geeks Summer Carnival 2022 ? Your Best Investment of the Year Difficulty Level : Basic ?Buy the dip?? ?Invest in XYZ Mutual Fund? ? ?Invest in NFTs?? and many more investment advice you must be getting on a regular basis but what if we tell you that this summer, you are about to get a golden opportunity to invest in something that will be your best career investment of the year with 0% risk factor? No kidding!!! GeeksforGeeks is finally back with Geeks Summer Carnival 2022 ? the most awaited 7-days long Summer Carnival fiesta where coders, like you, can get a 110% return on your career growth investment. To give you a heads up, Geeks Summer Carnival is a virtual coding gala ? organized by the geeks for the geeks. In this fun carnival, tech buffs get an opportunity to exhibit their programming skills while participating in various coding & fun-carnival-themed events, attend insightful webinars, join virtual job fairs, play many exciting geeky games, and win exciting rewards. The real catch of the fiesta is that you?ll be getting hefty discounts on GFG premium courses! Spend Invest your money in highly in-demand programming courses to up-skill yourself for career growth and get up to 10x the value you pay for. What are you waiting for? Grab Tickets to Geeks Summer Carnival The windows of Geeks Summer Carnival pre-event ticket sale is starting from 26th March 2022 and will end on 2nd April 2022. This is just the beginning of real fun! Hurry up and book your tickets to invest in yourself by picking up a programming course that will boost your knowledge in a way you never imagined before ? that too at an affordable price! When you purchase this carnival ticket, you not only can use this to claim discounts on our premium online courses but also you will be entitled to certain privileges and details about Geeks Summer Carnival too! And the best thing about this is you can redeem the voucher amount with a higher amount during the carnival. Unbelievable?.isn?t it? Ticket #1: Purchase a carnival ticket worth just INR 2,000 and redeem the amount of INR 2,800 along with: FREE GeeksforGeeks Premium (Quarterly worth INR 500) FREE Doubt Assistance (Valid up to 3 Months). You can buy any online course at the GFG portal for a total worth of INR 2,800. Ticket #2: Purchase a carnival ticket worth just INR 5,000 and redeem the amount of INR 7,000 along with: FREE GeeksforGeeks Premium+ (Quarterly worth INR 2000) FREE Doubt Assistance (Valid up to 6 Months). You can buy any online course at the GFG portal for a total worth of INR 7,000. Ticket #3: Purchase a carnival ticket worth just INR 8,000 and redeem the amount of INR 11,000 along with: FREE GeeksforGeeks Premium+ (Yearly worth INR 6000) FREE complimentary exclusive T-shirt, stickers, mask, and keychain. You can buy any online course at the GFG portal for a total worth of INR 11,000. Book your tickets before the window closes on 2nd April 2022 11:59 PM IST and make sure to use these tickets during Geeks Summer Carnival which will start from 5th April 2022 and will run till 11th April 2022. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Q-1: Can I buy multiple courses with 1 ticket? Ans: No, you cannot buy multiple courses with 1 ticket. You can redeem only 1 course per ticket purchase. Q-2: What will happen to the remaining amount in the ticket if I buy a course whose value is less than the ticket?s value? Ans: The remaining balance will be null and void as you can purchase only one course per ticket purchase. Q-3: How can I avail the premium/premium+ and doubt assistance post purchasing the ticket? Ans: Once you purchase a ticket, GeeksforGeeks will send you a mail on your registered email address with the coupon code and once you log in on the GFG portal with your registered email address, you?ll be able to access Premium or Premium+ according to your ticket purchase. Q-4: Can I use the tickets once GSC ends? Ans: No, you cannot redeem the tickets post Geeks Summer Carnival ends. The last date to redeem tickets is 11th April 2022. My Personal Notes arrow_drop_up Save Like Previous Count of connected components in given graph after removal of given Q vertices Next Find all duplicate levels of given Binary Tree Recommended Articles Page : Geeks Summer Carnival - A Virtual Fun Festival For Coders 05, Apr 20 Sneak Peek to Geeks Summer Carnival - Pay Less, Learn More! 01, Feb 21 Geeks Summer Carnival - The Biggest Coding Festival is Back! 10, Apr 21 Geeks Premier League 2022 - Get Paid High For Your Writing Skills 01, Feb 22 Printing "GEEKS FOR GEEKS" In Brainfuck 14, Apr 17 7 Best Tips To Speed Up Your Job Search in 2022 11, Jan 22 7 Best Java IDE For Developers in 2022 22, Feb 22 7 Best IDEs For C/C++ Developers in 2022 03, Mar 22 7 Best React Project Ideas For Beginners in 2022 09, Mar 22 What Should be your Best Strategy for this Placement Season? 02, Jul 19 Learn with GeeksforGeeks Course - Best Courses To Land Job In Your Dream Company 24, Sep 19 7 Best Analytical Skills to Include on Your Resume 28, Aug 20 10 Best Coding Games to Advance Your Programming Skills 03, Mar 21 10 Best Artificial Intelligence Project Ideas To Kick-Start Your Career 17, Dec 20 9 Best Ways To Earn Money From Your Android Apps 03, May 21 ELitmus 2021- Score Your Job Opportunities in Best IT Companies 01, Aug 21 7 Best Games To Enhance Your Data Science Skills 10, Oct 21 7 Best Open Source Big Data Projects to Level Up Your Skills 11, Feb 21 8 Best Tips to Improve Your JavaScript Skills 05, Feb 22 GATE CSE Test Series 2022 - Boost Your Exam Score! 30, Jun 21 Don't Let Your Geographical Location Be A Barrier In Your Success - Live Classes By GeeksforGeeks 19, Nov 19 Geeks Coding Challenge [GCC 2019] - A Three Day Coding Challenge By GeeksforGeeks 06, Dec 19 7 Must-Watch Web Shows for Tech Geeks 27, Nov 20 Live Learning Corner - Free Workshops For Geeks 07, Oct 21 Article Contributed By : GeeksforGeeks Vote for difficulty Current difficulty : Basic Easy Normal Medium Hard Expert Article Tags : GFG-Update GBlog Report Issue Writing code in comment? Please use ide.geeksforgeeks.org, generate link and share the link here. Load Comments What's New Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details System Design-Live Classes for Working Professionals View Details Most popular in GBlog Best Way To Start Learning Core Java ? A Complete Roadmap DSA Sheet by Love Babbar Top Linux Command Line Tips and Tricks Machine Learning Engineer vs Data Scientist - Which is Better? Top 10 Programming Languages to Learn in 2022 More related articles in GBlog 10 Tips For Landing Your Dream Internship 7 Must Have IntelliJ IDEA Plugins For Java Developers Introduction to Hill Climbing | Artificial Intelligence ML | Underfitting and Overfitting Reading a CSV file in Java using OpenCSV ? 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy Got It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! Login Register