Quantum Computing Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 179 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading? 0 +0 Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us Log in Sign up current community Quantum Computing help chat Quantum Computing Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Quantum Computing Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for engineers, scientists, programmers, and computing professionals interested in quantum computing. It only takes a minute to sign up. Sign up to join this community Anybody can ask a question Anybody can answer The best answers are voted up and rise to the top Home Public Questions Tags Users Unanswered Find a Job Jobs Companies Teams Stack Overflow for Teams ? Collaborate and share knowledge with a private group. Create a free Team What is Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more Explore our Questions Ask Question qiskitprogrammingquantum-gatequantum-statealgorithmibm-q-experienceentanglementcircuit-constructionmeasurementtextbook-and-exercises more tags Active 1 Bountied Hot Week Month 2votes 1answer 25views Adding dephasing to stim's generated surface code circuits error-correction stim Craig Gidney 20.8k modified 2 hours ago 1vote 2answers 48views How to manipulate the phase of the electromagnetic radiation in the Hamiltonian simulation Anna Naden 575 answered 2 hours ago 0votes 0answers 6views Remove Inactive Qubits from Qiskit Circuit qiskit programming circuit-construction quantum-circuit user19571 31 asked 3 hours ago 5votes 1answer 172views Oblivious Amplitude Amplification & Eigenstate decomposition algorithm CommunityBot 1 modified 3 hours ago 0votes 0answers 14views Construction of unitary matrices built from linear combination of Pauli strings algorithm circuit-construction mathematics quantum-circuit gate-synthesis KAJ226 11.7k asked 4 hours ago 5votes 2answers 61views Chronology of discovery of quantum phase estimation algorithm shors-algorithm phase-estimation history Mark S 6,345 modified 6 hours ago 0votes 0answers 21views Quantum secret sharing qiskit quantum-state R.W 601 modified 11 hours ago -1votes 0answers 16views Question from blum regarding quantum periodic states in QFT quantum-fourier-transform anabel 1 asked 12 hours ago 0votes 1answer 8views Is there any implementation in `stim` that takes correlated edges into consideration? stim Craig Gidney 20.8k answered 14 hours ago 2votes 0answers 17views Clarifying basis encoding quantum-state algorithm Greenstick 985 modified 17 hours ago 1vote 2answers 28views How to caculate the inner product of two vectors with Q# programming q# Mariia Mykhailova 7,946 modified yesterday 2votes 1answer 37views Duration of single qubit gate in IBM qiskit quantum-gate ibm-q-experience Etienne Kaiser 336 answered yesterday 0votes 1answer 51views Verify that $\langle \sigma^x\rangle^2+\langle\sigma^y\rangle^2+\langle\sigma^z\rangle^2=1$ for $|\psi\rangle=\cos\theta|0\rangle+\sin\theta|1\rangle$ textbook-and-exercises mathematics linear-algebra glS? 17.4k modified yesterday 1vote 0answers 31views Entropy relations in classical-quantum states with conditioned independence tensor-product linear-algebra min-entropy Quantum Mechanic 2,054 modified yesterday Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions What's the differences? (command substitutions) What should I do if an academic says "no pronouns please" in their bio? Does the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints believe that God(s) is/are omnipresent? Would it be inappropriate to write employment filters on my social media channels? Is there a language where people do not use weight for mass? What if I were nervous about an ex colleague applying to my company? Name of the tale in which a traveler inherits a boatman's curse after accepting to relay him Simpson's motivicity conjecture Smallest numbers whose square has even number of digits Expectation of a Sum Spock notes that even the highest forms of intelligence need to "play" Writing a query that will quit if there's a lock on a target row What kind of horseshoes work best on a molten lead track? What's IFR departure procedure from private field with encroaching obstacles but no published ODP? Why is "brick" in "a brick house" a noun, whereas "plastic" in "a plastic bucket" is an adjective? Looking for some interesting complex integration contours Propulsion method for MANPADS missiles can we say "he is lying sideways on the bed"? In a world where every animals can see in all directions, how would animals hunt? Why does foldl' use a lot of RAM with complex data structures? What does Pratchett's "poets notwithstanding" joke mean? What is a joule? I find the definition confusing Is it ok to bring cookies for the entire office to my interview? How can I clone a Windows 10 disk onto a larger disk? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Quantum Computing Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow For Teams Advertise With Us Hire a Developer Developer Jobs About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram site design / logo ? 2022 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under cc by-sa. rev 2022.3.24.41762 Quantum Computing Stack Exchange works best with JavaScript enabled Your privacy By clicking ?Accept all cookies?, you agree Stack Exchange can store cookies on your device and disclose information in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Accept all cookies Customize settings